I remember hearing you hear about the shape , " If you had to explain it , it does n't have any effect . "
And I woke up a day and said , " If that 's wrong ? "
So here 's my interpretation .
And it said , " The idea is impossible .
It 's always a good quote to a quote .
It does n't make any sense . "
I 'm talking to my audience , right ?
This is what you never want to do .
" Maybe the text could build a picture , but do n't do anything .
What 's the core of poetry ?
If you want to be serious , do n't do it consciously .
So is the chaos of chaos ?
And I guess anyone can get rid of the idea , and I 'm going to suggest " connect " through the old age .
So I 'm going to show you a movie -- you should remember the old ones , right ?
I found it using it .
So there 's a couple of schemes , and I think it 's too much to say that it does n't matter -- " but even more visual .
What really would really want to say is 103 and typical , and they 're connected to each other . "
And then more self - assembly -- " Am I simple ?
Is it obvious that simple , right ?
There 's a big difference .
It 's crazy .
In fact , I estimate the fear of the truth of the truth , as any metaphor to me .
Do you think this would attract a student to school ?
Well , I think there are two new things here -- two kinds of things .
One is -- in front of the audience , the desire of self - expression , which is not what I 'm doing .
And as you know , you have to have a direction to play .
I mean you have to do self - confidence , and if you do n't believe what you 're doing , what 's going on ?
So this is the first one , some of the ideas that are introduced to the shape .
It 's a big effort .
The other one gives you two solutions , and you can choose the big one , if you do n't like that , then the small one ?
And that 's a relatively new idea .
And here 's a series of experiments , and I asked a question -- a poster to be square ?
This is some of the things .
It 's not shaped by folding .
It 's not folded , it 's a picture that 's on the diagonal .
This is the same trick in the upper left .
And here is a very big chaos , because it 's just because we use computers in the computer , not frozen in space .
Sometimes it 's more porous than the Alps , and then it changes .
And if you 're sitting in this room , it 's going to leave the audience a little bit longer .
But we do n't have time .
And then another experiment -- there 's a little bit of the kind of properties , the main shape of its edge , but in the middle , and the shape , it looks like a lot of glass .
The other one 's designed to design a long shadow of frustration .
This is not the chaos of visual Design .
There are about 10 artists who are invited to participate , and this is one of the most competitive things , I do n't want to log into an abyss , so I work very hard .
And the idea is -- this is a good idea -- it 's going to brush in the subway for 10 and a half years , and every time it goes into a different band of chaos , every one of which is different from what art is .
But I was completely overwhelmed by the concept of " Art " and to find what art was .
But then I threw up and said , " Everything 's all the art . "
When I realized that the word " synecdochically " is " the Inconvenient " hidden , " and it 's going to lead me to the conclusion that this leads to this confidence .
But again , it became a sin of mine .
I 'd like to try and explain a little bit about a mess , and you ca n't understand it .
Here 's what he said : " Take a long time -- I think I might use the visual inflection version of the time , and the people who are going to express the art , the <unk> , to the history of art and history .
And I also believe that the time in the computer is overwhelmed by the breakup of the laptop , became a shadow of its liberation .
And the phrase " All " everything is the art of " The Inconvenient fumes , " and some of you do n't do what you 're doing , but the way you work . "
The shadow of the tattooed sharp , when this peregrine hawk is a sin to hide the word " Rain , " in " The Invention of " " <unk> " engraved in the ' 50s " , and in chaos , the things that are shaped to a thing that might be a kind of thing , things or things .
Whatever .
Okay .
And the next one is a drawing I did n't file , but I loved it . I wanted to use the same song .
In a few years ago , corn has done a wonderful experiment about the letters of letters -- and to look at what you 're still going to see .
And the idea was stuck in my head .
But then I threw the pieces down and turned it out the bottom .
And of course they 're wires , and it 's symbolic .
But actually what you 're going to read about -- " Art is anything that can be limitless . "
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sheena_iyengar_on_the_art_of_choosing.html
The movie reads a film called " The Inconvenient Grab , " and this is a emotional and rich and affluent , and it 's a very rich movie of the movie .
Africa , arts , creativity , culture , entertainment , film , global issues , war
<unk>
Jonathan Drori on one of the stories
This is a curious thing for me , because I do n't use this talk , usually , I 'm standing on the other side of the street , and I feel like I 've ever given someone 's pressure , which is n't very good .
I think one of the time I 've been presenting a great piece of paper -- it 's about the power of my job , and my power , I 'm losing it , to find the answers and to search for answers .
But this is what I mean to me , I 'm going to talk to you about this talk , feeling like -- there 's a sculptor in the French , who is in France , and then the years after that , he goes , " What ? What do you build ? "
How did you leave that for years ?
And he took a couple of statues .
Obviously , the other thing is , " Do you spend this for a few years ? "
And what we 're looking at is " The Eagle Nebula , " you know , " you know . "
But what I 'm going to do is understand that the little object is a human lifetime , and the thinking and everything is just a little version of a small version .
In a sense , I feel like I felt .
I thought I 'd go home to talk about what I did for 20 years .
And I 'm going to start with the footage of my work as a piece of work , and I have a couple of films and some films .
So let 's see the first clip .
Narrator : Life 's life , Mama says .
I love her , you know .
She does n't even have my mother .
My lady threw me , and I got Nigeria .
And the pity are in my pocket .
sleep sleeping .
Are you sitting ?
Where ?
Nigeria
They never came out .
My mother wanted to go to the same way .
I hope I could .
And I reminded me that I 'm there .
Why everybody wants to leave me ?
I do n't want to get you out .
You do n't need me .
It 's just not that you 're not .
What do you do today ?
Read
Do you mind ?
Why do n't you work out ?
I was busy .
So what ?
I 've been blown up in the workforce , and for the sake of the country , I 'm going to be living for myself .
No , now you 're like a homeless guy .
And I like it .
Brothers , read your ears .
It 's not going to show you the spray of spray .
Read my mind and soul .
You know , it 's not just my time .
You 're the messenger ? I said yes , right ?
1427
modern - modern .
Well , that 's good .
What would you say ?
What does it mean ?
Simple . What do you do ?
Well , brothers .
Who 's the reality of who ?
I was lost .
Tell me what your reality is .
Thankfully , depressed , depression , like people like me were living in the castle .
What are you going to do ? I mean , you know , let 's do it just like a job , not just -- brothers and modems , it 's a very simple job . It 's very easy .
Use fun to do it .
And if I do that , you 'll say , yes , I 'm going to get it .
How many digits and you smile ?
PH : You know what I mean .
When you go to the racetrack , it 's not the ability to express himself .
You 're going to look at that , and you 're getting me upset .
It 's the U.S.
What about the U.S. government ?
And the people who do n't know , they 're white and white , and they do n't wrinkle .
It 's a lot of fun . I 've seen films , too ! Why ?
I saw him the last movie .
It 's running , right ?
1427
It 's not saying that he does n't work , it 's the efficacy of the ground .
The Russians were running -- <unk> , tired , lost .
Can you do it ?
Now , you 're directly talking to me , what 's my movie ?
Come on .
Pepsi .
Horrible ? And what ?
What , what , why ?
Do you think of your movie ?
Girl 1 : My movie , they were fine .
They were more than that they 'd never wanted to see .
What do you say ?
Would you like to leave the real content in Hollywood to get to a Hollywood race ?
You get the audience out .
Christopher Sweeney : Okay .
Newton : Thank you . My first video is really wanting to blow up the movie where I 'm in a movie and I founded ?
The first clip shows that a young woman talked about Nigeria and she thinks she 's happy .
This is the emotional person from home .
It 's me experience , and it 's experience .
And I had a good day , and I 've had five years of time .
And I took 20 years .
So this movie was taken in the first days where Nigeria was the worst days of slavery in 1997 , and the breakup of the Congo .
For this girl , there is a dream that we have for our own sake .
It 's a little romance , but I think it 's beautiful because you just need a particular part of society , and people have the same thing .
And this brings us up to the next chapter , and a young man who said that the black hole in Europe is a little bit of a black wall -- and we all know , all the way to talk about him .
Again , this is what I 'd like to talk about when I 'm talking about British cultures , and I think it 's a very low - cultural culture , what 's meaningful about people .
And one of the kids who have a little baby like a writer , and I mean , what 's his anger ?
What 's going to happen ?
And of course , the consequences are the brutality , and this is what we 're talking about when we talk about the Jews , we discuss the Rift Valley , L.A. and so forth -- and I 'm going to end up with a very , very long time , as long as I think , in France , I 've lost a pizza , because it 's a free society .
I spent 18 years in England .
For four years , I was living in France , like a long time , to return to 20 years .
Let 's look at the third video . Number three , which is the question , is that the movie says , " What do you want to express ? "
There 's a young director , the director of Hollywood , and his friends , with a group of people talking to the movie .
And I think that 's what I 'm doing , and this is the movie of what I 'm doing .
And I was born in 1966 , and it was a couple of years ago , a few months of war - old war in the War War .
And all of my memories of memories have taken me out of this slide .
PH : As long as the brothers were to school .
" Yes , Mama . "
The soldiers , you 're going to go to the workforce , and you 've got to be ready .
You must have it .
Be ready for ready .
success , change through the Houston store .
It passes through the Houston store .
Here 's the gun .
That 's the gun .
It 's a wasps ' nest . That 's your life .
That 's your life . That is , this is what it is .
They let us eat a special drug . We call a bubble .
<unk>
Goodbye , salt , soldier .
Goodbye , salt , soldier .
We came from a village to another village , three villages .
PH : How do I do that ?
We went out for two days .
Nothing was eating .
No food , only a few crops .
No food , no food .
We 've got a request later on the dial .
God will forgive us .
He knew we did n't know . We did n't .
Do you remember 1999 a June June ?
I do n't remember .
You will die ! You die .
SS : Okay !
♫ We do n't want much more trouble ! ♫ Do n't have a lot of problems !
Originally Julia Mary .
Who is she ?
I am .
Why do you give me these ?
You wo n't look at me .
My story is very complicated .
I want to hear that .
He 's pregnant .
Do you know what ? The monster ?
Christopher Sweeney : Okay .
And in the midst of chaos , you 're not going to get off .
And he did n't have a clue of his military .
military force , last year .
Keep your eyes up .
They looked at all the time , and the diamond was full of his pocket .
♫ We do n't want much more trouble ! "
I want you to go out and do this .
I 'm going to get here .
You get your girlfriend .
Good job , good job .
And that 's why you 're here , right ?
You 're going to go back to war , right ?
♫ We do n't do much more trouble ! ♫ Do n't have a lot of problems ♫ ♫ Are n't we going to do it ? ♫ Sweeney : Not a more difficult problem ! "
♫ We do n't do much more -- ♫ and we hope , you know , in your relationship with other people , the boss can try and understand the source .
And more than that , the beginning of the country , finally ended the chaos of chaos .
I hope it starts .
Albert Szent - Gyorgi , Dick .
You tell your name and your age .
My name was Jabbar . Jack von exploded .
And I was 15 or 30 , and I recognized that .
My sisters , she was an impostor , and she would n't care .
So , 16 dentists , Mr. Heifetz , and I wanted to remind you , you 're not a duck and you ca n't get a ticket .
We have our freedom of freedom .
And if war is killed , you have to reconstruct all the soldiers in the world .
War is crime , yes , but I never came out of war .
You 're also a mayor of California , right ?
Yes , yeah .
And you need to be able to do it .
Our government mania exploded .
Protect education is the way they control their power .
And I would like to say , well , you need to pay for education for education ?
No , we do n't .
You are more rich than we are .
We need to pay for education .
Your state of democracy is a democracy , but you have to support governments , for example , our government .
Why ? Because you want our diamond .
Do you ask any single single one of this , and he saw it ?
Girl 5 : No , no .
Jack Heifetz , I want to remind you , you 're not here today .
You 're not in bed .
I 'm walking .
I ca n't do it , kids .
You 're lying .
Newton : Thank you . I 'm going to talk a little bit about my point , which is that when we 've done it , what we do is , I think we should be in the process of doing a lot of progress , but we ought to remember that we 're not going to go back to the beginning .
Thank you .
AK : Thank you , Newton .
A emotional theme is that we see that the young , the younger ones are psychological depressed , and they are the kids .
Think about where you came from , when we realized that they were losing the harm of suffering , what would you like to say ?
Newton : In the process of investigating , in fact , I actually spent some time studying this .
I remember that I met a lot of the fishermen who had been in charge of their own teammates .
I met their colleagues .
I have spent a lot of time on their deathbed , and NGOs , many people .
But I remember the last home when I remembered myself , and I was constantly thinking that if these kids were in the Western world , if they had a child in Western countries , it was just a little bit of life , just one day , the rest of their life .
So in my case , for all kids thinking , this is the generation , and we have a whole generation of heroic wounds for such a very serious acute disaster .
And I wanted to be able to get rid of them as well as we could get the great achievement of achievement , when we announced what we did .
So that 's my real idea .
Kevin Shepherd : Let 's thank you again at TED .
This is a shared sharing for a guy .
Newton : Thank you .
Robbie Shepherd : Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/scott_kim_takes_apart_the_art_of_puzzles.html
At the end of Richard Page , the conversation of the Richard Trade Center , as well as the audience , shares how you failed to change the power of success , and it 's the most important thing , " What ? "
architecture , arts , business , creativity , culture , design , sports , invention
13
Frank Berry : How ? "
Frank von Shepherd : I hear a scientist today .
Susan Berry said to Dr. Mossadegh , and suddenly he thought he was a scientist .
When I was a kid , my parents bought me a chemical device , and then I decided to fill the water .
So I did a piece of light , a gas tank , and I came up with a couple of tubes , I went to a bathroom and then I fell out of the freezer . And I threw out the chains .
And then the glass -- hey , I turned upside down all over my back , and I 'm going to go back to the right place .
Here 's a wall .
I made a checkmark .
Richard Koch : How ? Really ?
Narrator : Everyone in the street is not going to get out of the door and look at me and look at it .
.
Interviewer : Well , I 'm going to move a little bit -- keep the conversation .
And this gentleman on the left is very famous , a little bit of a millimeter ago .
So Frank forbid , you 've got an incredible height .
I mean , for a artist -- an architect -- which is a time of your own time , even though it 's a while .
I mean , you know , even if you 're interested in this fact , it 's really funny -- and you realize that this is a strange idea , but your Gothic is enlarged , and it can be applied to the top of the ads and the main status of what you want to do .
And I know that it 's very difficult to work .
And what you do , however , is that the sacrifice of money is a huge amount of money .
You work for a lifetime of other people .
But for a very good person , it 's fun .
A lot of people have services on other people , and our lives live in other people .
And this is one of the most powerful ones in the beginning -- the biggest challenge of creativity -- how to do it , and how it works and keep self - sacrifice .
And you do . It gives you the winning -- even more win .
Not a problem , but you can talk about your thinking .
It 's important .
PH : Well , since I was just -- I was just ...
I never had to go to work .
I 'm wearing a pattern .
At first , I think the construction industry is the following business , and you have to ask the manager and your team .
And I realized that I walked out of the room and I flew the swamp and the wind , where people were just looking at me , like I was coming back to Mars .
But I ca n't do anything else .
That 's my response to people and that time .
In fact , it 's my response to my manager , and they do n't have a lot of fun , so it wo n't be so good .
I think that was the same time .
You know , I have to make my house , and I 'm going to be a manager .
We bought hundreds of celebrities in San Francisco , and we had about five million dollars there .
Some people were very excited about that house .
I and a artist , Michael Pollan , ran up to a desert desert in San Francisco .
He 's got a big concrete building in there .
That night was a little night , and we had a lot of wine .
And we 're standing in the middle of a big desert , and he said -- I said , " You know , you do n't think you 're going to be a little bit more incremental , but there 's a couple of other people in the future . "
So I think -- yes , maybe a good idea .
And I was fortunate , and then I found some of these managers , so my work could become a little flatter .
And then I found the world , and I would never leave you at the end of your time , so that was the guy told us .
Where are we going to go ?
Go back to -- everything is a little cry .
I do n't really see the world .
For me , every day it was new .
And I 've taken it all the way to the new project , and I 'm going to take it to my first project . I spend a lot of time , but I do n't know what the answer is , if I had to do it in front of that , I would stop .
If I predict or plan , I wo n't continue to go .
I 'm going to take the predictions or the plans to go .
So I was able to take it to the same project .
But , of course , my confidence is about time , so everything will be better .
I really am running a business , I have 12 people , and I 'm going to pay everybody to spend a lot of money , it has a tremendous responsibility to work on the process of being safe .
As the guy said , I can quote him -- you ca n't be sure .
And I looked at the end of the paddock , and I watched all the wrong mistakes .
They ca n't be wrong . I look at everything I can change , and I think it 's a little bit mad .
And I thought , " What 's the point ? "
How do I put this kind of shape , or how would you put those places like that ?
You know , I 'm going to be able to look at it and see it , and then when you walk on the corner of the building , you find a place where there 's a spot in the street and it looks like a little bit of a street , but I guess I love it .
Nicholas Negroponte : How did New York ?
JA : I do n't know .
Tom Shaw takes me out to find me , and I went out and went back and forth .
And I thought he did n't know what he was doing , but he took it .
So I felt that he was a sin of security and prestige .
He 's got a big achievement -- and then he goes down .
People are still doing it now .
In nine cases , there are some people who put it into the countryside , and I 'm the head of my hands .
And the conversation was so uncomfortable to make me feel very uncomfortable , and I 'd like to do things like this . It 's very long .
Yesterday : This picture on the screen , is Extremadura ?
Man : Yes .
Interviewer : How long would you get ?
Interviewer : May we go in 2003 or October , and I hope I 'm going to die , Cynthia , all the musicians and all these musicians with us .
Fortunately , I work with people today , and most of my favorites .
Richard Shaw : Now , Richard Fowler may be a matter of a lot of factors .
He 's always like a teddy bear .
This is not the case of the building industry , and it 's because the managers ...
You know , imagine this world in front of the audience , and most of us are connected to building buildings .
You do n't have to think of them as architecture , right ?
So you find that person , you know , is , understand ?
He became a leader of the art department , and there was a piece of straw .
I know <unk> and it 's respect to him .
They wanted what they wanted . It was a very , very beautiful kind of building , and that 's a beautiful , refreshing black hole , Richard , but Richard wanted to get a library and some of the students .
I persuaded him to take me on another architect , <unk> , Christopher Oprah .
AK : Why wanted to get him ?
Narrator : I knew you would ask this question .
It 's just intuition .
Narrator : Oprah was born in Portugal , and there was still a construction station that was recognized in Northern Ireland .
A few years ago I went to visit him , and he showed me the early pieces of his early work . He was very similar .
When I graduated from college , I started trying to do something that was Russians in Southern California , and you could think of the French book of Spain and that stuff .
And I understood that the language was a springboard to be a bomb , and there were so many craters , the building elements of architecture .
Anyway , I stopped .
I mean Charlie Moore does a lot of similar things , but I ca n't be attracted to them .
In Portugal , it turns out to be a modern language to communicate with the history of history .
I always thought he could go to California to do his practice .
I tried to give him some projects , but no success .
And I like to collaborate with people like this , because this is a good idea .
I 've been working with Neil Kennedy and Lucy , and they 're not going to be a art model .
Do you notice ?
Nicholas Negroponte : How did he say ?
Narrator : He 's called the construction industry .
Old Milk Carton : Anyway , with the collaboration .
It 's more expensive experience .
Think about the other kind of other musicians , and I thought , " Well , I 'm going to be a feeling for tooling . "
Audience : nanoscale building .
Narrator : It 's a water architecture .
Like the pianist -- you can play it with you . You can challenge each other , and you make a little bit of what they 're going to do .
And I think this is a kind of -- it 's a way to understand a city , and what 's going to happen to this city .
Back in the 19th century , is that near the right place ?
Or in ...
Narrator : No , it 's in the middle of the bridge .
Anyway , he 's a customer .
And of course , it 's not his money .
JH : What was his plan ?
Narrator : I do n't know .
What 's Richard ?
Richard : 2004 .
SS : 2004 .
You can go to the airport and I 'll invite you .
No , but democracy is interesting because it causes chaos , right ?
And each one of the people is going to do a very compelling situation , and if you 're able to get closer to each other -- I mean , it 's not -- you know , you can find a group of people who are responsible for a kind of creative competition , maybe not just an architect 's design model , but it might be a Gothic model .
It 's like urban computing , as a consequence of another time .
In 2008 : I found the most important thing .
And I was a brilliant building , and there was an extraordinary space in which there was a very large space .
I saw you on the board at TED .
The amazing thing that happened was that it was adapted to the city of the city .
And that was the dawn of the bridge , linking around and down , and suddenly the surprise was to give us the surprise .
And that was really amazing .
Narrator : But you know , Richard , when many of the architects show their work -- and most of us , most people are going to stand up and talk to you , to talk about your own work , and I 'm talking to everybody , " Look , I 've got to do a good job with the manager . "
And this , that 's all this .
It 's like being filmed by itself .
It 's like , you know , those are things that can be done , that can be done very well .
And I think everyone -- I mean , I 'm supposed to do things like gravity .
You ca n't violate the presence of gravity , or 1760 .
You have to partner with engineering department .
And if it 's a bit harder , you get a lot of projects .
And if the Gothic develops -- it 's not competition .
Let me be great .
MIT project -- they were in the case of the project , and they brought me back to bed nets .
I 'm talking to them and they meet them .
They spent three days .
Narrator : So this is the computer building ?
Narrator : Yes , the computer building .
They spent a couple of days , and it rains every day and I noticed that they were going to move on the bottom and see what they 're actually looking at . And what 's going on there ?
People are going to be scrambled up .
I do n't know ! That 's where the land goes . It 's great .
But you have to -- yes , no good housing , so it 's just like -- ...
JH : Frank .
SS : Go to bed !
In 2008 : a few times -- a long time ago , he was in Los Angeles .
Narrator : You 've heard about the story of Frank Gehry , who is a woman named Heidi , and he said , " Mr. Heifetz , I 'm lying on the street , the water is just going to put it in my head . "
He said , " My wife , you should get the chair moving . "
A couple of years ago , I was doing another project on the beach ♫ ♫ Sobule : ♫ The secretary of Russell , his secretary , was a serious writer , and he said , " Simon 's sitting in his head . ♫ Sweeney : At the first time , he was sitting at him . "
I 'll tell you a story about Frank Gehry , and I 'm talking to her .
♫ Sobule : She did n't say anything .
<unk> : Yeah , it 's not .
I mean -- can I say , " What ? "
Oh , you 've solved all the questions , and you do good things . You like your your customers ; you love the city -- you 're a good guy .
So what ?
What do you get ?
And that 's what I 've been interested in now -- a personal expression .
And I think , as I say , you can have your own identity , and all the basic conditions and all the basic conditions .
And this reminded me a little bit about efficacy . "
And I think it 's the point , you know , " Well , what 's going on here is that most of the people who join the architect -- most people are not to hire architect .
The architect came to work on the project , and the good news is that it 's good to tell the value of a architect .
Narrator : In a long time , some years ago , people were very popular at Michael Pollan .
Narrator : I did a letter , but nobody ever bought me .
♫ Sobule : It leaks wrong ?
Elizabeth : Not too .
June Cohen : People wanted Michael Pollan .
Do people want to get the design out of this ?
Narrator : Yes , I always get that phone call .
When the trailer opened -- it 's about half a second now , and I 've got a lot of paper -- I 'm going to get a number of phone calls , I do n't know if there 's a much more phone phone that I have , or at least 100 , the other places in the womb are trying to do that .
And I see some of them .
Normally , I 'd never liked it , but some people were going to be able to get the tree , and they were really good at it .
And one time I had to go to the whole team to fly to 280 , because there were all kinds of <unk> and dials -- you know -- very , very talented cities -- they wanted me to build a building in explode .
I asked them what they wanted .
" You 're going to tell you that -- " and so on .
We have four people .
They took a long day , and we had a very good hotel and took us to the boat and put us on the ground and showed us the main landscape .
And everywhere , it 's beautiful .
And then they went to lunch with the mayor of the Mayor and the Tibetan Plateau , and with dinner for dinner .
We went to the vet and the mayor of the Mayor .
This is a long - term ship that 's sitting there , and I 'm here , sitting here and my people .
We sat down , and we get a drink of water .
And the person looked at me and said , " Can I do something for you , Mr. Heifetz ? "
AK : Oh , God .
PH : So I stood up .
Tell me , " We 're going to go . "
We stand up and down .
They follow the line -- and the guy 's following us , and said , " Do n't you have lunch with Mayor Daley ? "
And I said , " Yeah . "
" Do you do it for dinner ? "
And they took us to where we were , and they were very , very well , to make a project .
That 's what we do .
And I had a lot of old people , and I could n't get rid of it .
I did n't have a personal airplane .
AK : I 'm going to take it out , and it 's just the end of the talk , because it 's good enough .
I 'd like to say that .
Narrator : Can I say it ?
You want to say I 'm your own .
June Cohen : ♫ ♫ shattering dog . "
JA : And I 'm also a human species , and I want to experience puzzles about it , so ...
♫ Sobule : You know , there 's a chance ! No .
♫ Sobule : I 'm going to give you a ticket !
Elizabeth : No , no , wait .
http://www.ted.com/talks/eric_dishman_take_health_care_off_the_mainframe.html
It 's called Owari in Rick Warren who 's decided to decide from our antiangiogenic relatives , to study human fractals , and a series of experiments in terms of the classic trials of " monkey " to show us a monkey and the same thing that we do n't even afford to do . ♫ Sweeney : Bad decision - making decisions . "
brain , business , design , economics , money , psychology , science
<unk>
Christopher Sweeney : The economic system of a monkey society and our same logic
I want to start with two questions about human species .
The first thing you might think is that it 's kind of obvious to our species conquer , and that 's really very , very smart , as you can do .
And , of course , it 's not the first time you realize this .
And of course , despite smart accidents , we are very hopeful .
So we like to point out that we 're smart .
You know , I can list a piece of paper or Steven Page , which is the fact that we 're rational , and the ability to be super - worth , but when we need to get the best of the Earth , it 's the most amazing .
But , of course , I 'd like to focus on the second general phenomenon of human beings , and in fact , even though we really are very smart , sometimes we sometimes have a very , very stupid , stupid thing .
And I saw a lot of these people in this room .
Do n't worry about it , I 'm not suggesting you have a reasonable mistake .
But , of course , in the last two years , we 've seen a lot of the examples that we have never seen before .
We 've seen that we 've used a special tool to break resources from the environment , just like suddenly , from our face .
We also see that we 've created this , and we should be able to do it at the bottom of our eyes , in our eyes .
But I think these two startling examples are not the most embarrassed of human mistakes , and we might be more likely to think of these mistakes as a few dentists , or a couple of errors to have a decision on blogs .
But in fact , the fact is that when you 're in the environment , most of us do some very specific mistakes .
And what we do is we make this wrong , actually .
We 're always making the same mistakes .
And a lot of evidence about evidence .
And when we get negative feedback , it 's always the same wrong thing .
So I felt suspicious : I think the academic academic .
The most curious thing is , what are we going to do as a kind of smart species , why is n't it so bad ?
You know , we 're most intelligent , why do n't we answer this question ?
In a sense , what 's wrong with this ?
For a few years , I felt something different .
The first possibility is that it 's not our fault .
Because we are smart species , we can actually create a lot of very complex environments , complexity , and sometimes we ca n't understand , although we 've created it .
We created a super - complex device .
You ca n't negotiate with it .
And of course , if we 're not working in the environment , in a sense , we put something out there .
And if that , we can easily solve these people 's wrong questions .
We can say , well , let 's take the technology we ca n't deal with technology , and the bad conditions , to abandon them , the design things that we need to be looking at .
But what I 'm worried about is the other possibility that maybe it 's not a bad situation .
Maybe the problem is that we have no design .
This is what I 've been inspired by looking at when I look at the wrong animal .
And I realized people would be wrong with the same way .
It 's like we 're looking at it , and it 's designed to be wrong with a certain way .
And that 's probably what I 'm worried about , because if we 're in our own business , it 's more likely to do it .
We might only accept this fact , and that 's what we 're going to be wrong with , in design , to do things like this .
So this is a question of me and my students .
How do we tell these two different differences ?
We need a smart , and we can do a lot of decisions , but with our systems -- that we might be able to do anything to avoid , no , human technology , the human culture , maybe not human languages .
That 's why we study them .
This is one of my work . It 's brown .
They 're called the fertilizer Rover , which means that they 've used to fill out the human species and get rid of it .
So , your once has been . The grandmother had about a million , and the grandmother would be in the middle of a hundred million years , which was the same . My grandmother was equally .
And what we can say is that there 's a real long time in the title of the guy , even though it 's a real world of evolution .
The good news about rodents is : She actually did n't have the same technology .
And you know , she 's a very , very cute little creature , and it 's also a primates and she does n't have anything we do n't know .
So she should be a appropriate experiment .
What if we put it on the same situation ?
Would she do the same wrong ?
Do n't she ? And so on , so ...
These are the questions we want to explore .
I was very excited about this experiment for years ago .
We said , let 's lose a couple of people with a problem , and look at what she feels .
The first question is , is that where ?
Because the experiment is good for us , but it 's hard to do it .
We 're different kinds of errors in different fields .
So , what 's our experiment about ?
At the beginning of this experiment , it was the same time when the news was reported , and we thought , you know , maybe it 's going to start getting better from finance .
Let 's see if the monkeys decision is in the economy , and look at whether they do the wrong mistakes .
And of course , the second question is that the problem is , you may not know , whether you do n't know if the monkeys is using tomato sauce . Thank you .
And that 's why when you 're in the grocery store or the bed nets , you do n't see a monkey system , and they 're not doing this .
So we put a little bit of a problem here .
If the monkeys does n't have money , what would you do ?
We 're like , well , a little bit closer , let 's start with a monkey ticket .
So we did .
And what you see here is the one that I 've taken on my hand and I know the basic unit of social currency .
We do n't have much more creative ideas at this study , so it 's called it .
We used to teach monkeys that they use these terrorist and human beings , to buy different fruit .
It does n't look very good at that .
Like our currency system , it uses metal .
And as you walk home , you go home all the time , and once you get to the home and get it out .
And in monkeys they know what to do with these things , it 's a little bit more than that .
When we first put these cables on the shelf , they found it , and they looked at these lines .
It 's odd to them .
But very quickly , the monkeys knows that they can use all the different crops in the lab .
And you can see one of these monkeys , and they 're doing this .
A called B is a little bit curious to her , because she never seen these things .
And here C is the experiment where the experiments are picking up , and it 's very quickly to realize that people want to look at it .
She killed a couple of food , and then she got some food .
It 's not just the case , in the lab , in the lab .
Here 's a little video , we 'll see what happens .
This is a sneak preview . She 's going to change food , and she 's happy to get the food back and then get it .
This is a joke , a monkey mosquito , a big one .
And he 's the same as soon as the food came out .
So the women were following the workforce .
And as long as it 's a little bit of training , they can be able to draw very well .
We 're just making them choices .
The question is : What does this have for human currency ?
What 's going on here ? Or we just use a little bit of a kind of curious approach to do things , and they 're actually not really smart , but it 's actually not the right thing .
So we wondered , if this was their currency , they were really like us , and what kind of natural reactions would they do ?
And you can imagine , when they start playing with tomato sauce , that 's what they 're doing as smart as they do it .
They 're going to start looking at the price , notice how much price is to get to buy , and remember that the males use it .
Can you look at the monkeys ?
So our monkeys grew up .
And it works like this : We let the monkey lives live in a kind of blend shield .
And when they express what they want to do , we move them to a transparent baker in the marketplace .
One of the most interesting things to go into this market -- because , when a monkey came into the market , people would give them a blade of wood , and they could do it with a little bit of time , two different kinds of <unk> , or one of these monkeys , with the monkeys .
These are two students in my lab .
They wear a different clothing .
In a period of time , the same thing is going to happen , so the women can recognize what the prices are , who can be reliable and so on .
And you can see that these two Rovers have a little yellow bar .
A monkey can buy something on a board with a stick .
And it turns out it 's all about a little bit of time , but sometimes a lot of them can buy more and more , and buy more grapes .
Let me show you a little bit about how this monkey work .
This is from a monkey standpoint , so far less .
She 's a crystallographer .
She 's a little cry from a marketplace .
And the market flew , and she had two options : buy one grapes or two grapes .
And you can see that this is a great market , and she 's selling a lot of rice to sell a lot of rice .
She was able to teach our finance class .
It 's not just the case , but most of the monkeys will sell more grapes .
Most of them are good for people who have good food .
At the beginning of a monkey sell Whirlwind , we found that the monkey will focus on this .
They care about the real value of monkeys .
And the most amazing thing is , when we start working with economists , using the economics of the pharmaceutical system , whether it 's not in animation , they 're working on the same way , and they use their way to do things in the market .
And that 's what you do n't have to tell , you ca n't tell you about the data or the monkeys .
We 've been successful with a little bit of a monkey , or at least monkeys and we 're going to work with the finance currency .
The other problem : monkeys is not going to send the system to us ?
And actually we looked at things .
First , in a monkey market , we do n't find any evidence of any kind of evidence that people like us are similar to our people .
And the monkey came into the marketplace , and then he throws all the ballast back to the back .
And we also found that the other thing is , it 's a very slow - knit behavior .
Woman : None of any opportunity to win the lottery , stole the Tennessee and stole . These are all we do n't think we 're not thinking about the behavior , but we also see this behavior .
It looks bad .
Are we able to see if the monkeys is so silly to the kind of alphabet ?
There is a way to build a monkey bag , and then let it go back to the market , but it 's going to work for a few years , and it 's going to be a few years .
We 're a little bit ambitious , so let 's go faster .
And we 're like , that 's what makes these kinds of problems , and these problems are a little bit of an economic issue , or some of the economy .
I want to understand how human beings are wrong , the most direct way to do it , so I give you a little experiment , and let 's talk to your orchestra .
If you want to imagine , I 'm going to give you an average of 2,000 dollars , 10 million dollars a second .
Put it in your mailbox , spend a little bit of time thinking about what you 're doing .
This is your money , you can buy anything you want .
Get out . How do you spend it ? How do you do it ?
It sounds good ? But let 's give you a chance , you take one more .
The first choice : adventure takes more and more , I get rid of the answer to determine the outcome .
If it 's a positive , you can get a thousand dollars .
If it 's back , you ca n't do it all the way .
There is a chance to get more and more to the risks .
Another more safe choice : let 's take a little bit of what 's going on .
But only 500 dollars .
You can put this money into the wood or the immediately .
Are your intuition ?
Most people choose to take risks .
And those wanted to say , I know that I can take 15 dollars , why is it going to hurt ?
It seems like a good choice , I think .
You might think this is true .
People are averse to risk , right ?
Whether people are averse to risk - free problems , think about the other kind of problem when the problem is .
Now imagine , I 'm going to give you two dollars , 20 dollars a second .
You just want to get the object you want to buy .
Think of the money in the workforce .
Now , the moment that choice came together , but the situation was worse .
Because you 're going to decide that " money " is a choice of money .
The first choice is a risk of risks -- the same thing is lost , and if it 's a positive , you lose a row .
If it 's the opposite , you do n't get a ticket , 2,000 dollars a gram , or you can do it for a minute , and it does n't mean you put it on a wall , it means that you take me five million dollars .
I saw a lot of people ski .
And the problem is , you might have the same intuition , and when these choices are open to choice , people do n't choose security .
Hold your fingers up .
And there 's the same choice of choice , and the latter is not very conscious .
It 's 50 or 2,000 . 50 percent , or 100 percent .
And what people have about risks is that there 's a lot of money from your hands to decide how much money there is .
How does this happen ?
Well , the answer came from two microns .
One is that we do n't have enough time to calculate the value .
You should be looking for a long time to think about it , and a choice is to take 1,000 or 2,000 .
Instead , if the choice is more competent , it 's easier to try and explain .
Voice 2 : Say , " Get more and less . "
That 's good , it 's a little change , and it affects us as good as the choice of choice .
It frees up one second , and economists called " Reduce Slippers . "
It means that we 're very happy to lose any loss .
We would never like to lose any money .
It means that we will move our preferences to avoid any loss .
And just in the second situation , people will choose the risks , because they do n't want a chance to lose any zero .
And the point is that we have a lot of risks for risks -- when we enter the pattern , we 're going to be more like a risk , which is the most valued part .
Human negative behavior is so stable .
And the reason why they 're going to die is that they get rid of the hook , because they do it with more than a value .
And that 's why the investment of the bridge is not willing to sell the house , because they do n't want to buy a house and sell it to the house .
And what we 're interested in is whether the monkeys is also the same .
If we 're designing the same problem in a monkey market , if they 're going to draw the other way ?
So we asked the monkeys to make choice , one of which is safe , and he 's going to take it to the same pile ; the other one is a risk of risks , he has half the time .
We provide investors choices -- like the first situation -- and so the women have the opportunity to get more and more , or they 'll get some damage , and they would actually get a little more grapes .
This is the scene of the experiment .
We 'll give you two new stars to show them .
And on the left - hand side and the right is going to be a little bit of resistance , and it looks fair . "
But these two Rovers gave a little debt of money .
What 's on the left is safe loyalty .
In fact , he would take a second and a half grapes .
On the right is the risk of risks .
Sometimes the monkeys ca n't afford any assistance , so he does n't get any glue .
But sometimes the monkeys can get more than two pounds .
A great investment , so the woman can take a three - fold grapes .
This is the exact same content that just showed you .
So , the monkeys is going to be safe to choose the security of security , which is the same time that every time the person has offered it , or , they have to take care of the risk of risks , and even if you get rid of risk , there may be no license , but if we get out of it .
Human beings tend to be safe .
And the upshot of that is that no one can get safe side .
In Brunel and Lucy , in the same tests , monkeys and humans have active behaviors .
Now , you might think that maybe a monkey does n't like to get risks .
So let 's look at the behavior of the monkeys .
So we did the second version of the second version .
Now , the monkeys is faced with these two <unk> , and they do n't give a monkey license ; they 're going to take a number of questions that they predicted .
So they get more grapes .
A first three - legged grapes : it 's a monkey wish to see .
But they found that two guys would give more than a less than expected .
And on the left , he 's offering a checkmark .
And every time he 's going to take a little bit of a monkey , it 's just giving them two dollars .
Here 's a risk of risks on the right .
Sometimes one does n't get less , the chickens predicted , but sometimes he 's taking more and more than a monkey .
How do you decide ?
In the same time , they can do insurance for insurance , and every time it 's going to take a two - liter number , or they do a risk of risks or three - to - three .
And the most astonishing thing is , when the monkeys is faced with this choice , they express the same intuition .
In the beginning of experiments , monkeys becomes agile .
And this is really incredible , because the monkeys is using more than a lot of value , and it 's a very different behavior with loss and loss .
What excites us ?
We 're going to make a copy . First of all , we give the monkeys a metaphor and then teach them some simple treatments .
They 're going to do things that are very smart to human beings , and they do n't work very well for human beings , like <unk> , and so on .
They also do things like the opposite of human behavior .
And they 're not going to make a lot of time , and they 're not going to get us waking up .
And the first conclusion I 'd like to leave you with today is that if you just hear a little bit about it , I 'll go home and find a cart when my manager 's manager .
The title of this guy is more than home . But you do n't have to do it , because these are the ones that are very close to your family .
It 's a little cry . Thank you .
Raise your monkey to invest very well .
Of course , it 's not good enough to think of people as well as investing .
And the answer to that is that it 's been proven to show you .
And we 're trying to figure out the wrong thing .
Something like a little bit of hope , as a way of adjust us , or adjust our financial method to make ourselves better .
But what we 've learned is that these two strands are very influenced by us .
And in fact , these are the ones that are going to influence us , because their older age is in our evolutionary process .
And , you know , maybe the irony is not just the right person to do this .
Maybe it 's a symbolic source of development .
And if we believe that the experiments of these monkeys , it turns out that we admit that it 's a stupid way of enthrallment , early years ago .
And this is a dynamic effect that has been very long - changing .
What do we know about this ?
One of the things we learned is that we 're hard to change it .
Think of the first part of our evolution , which is to understand the sweet , the foods that are going to be sweet , like Michael cake .
You ca n't do it in a way .
You do n't have a way to get rid of the needle and say , " I ca n't hide it . "
But the people have this properties .
We 're going to be thinking about good things .
So I assume that people have a different approach to finance .
You 'd like to look a little bit like this , and you 're looking at a straight line down and down , or look at the amount of wood that you see , but you do n't notice the truth , because we 're born with this behavior .
And this psychological act will make a decision that the investors do n't make bad decisions , so the crisis is very difficult to avoid .
Sound bad news , which good news ?
And I 'm here to tell you some good news .
And I think the good news is that , as I 'm beginning to do today , human beings are not just smarter ; we 're smarter than the other animals in our ancestors .
We 're very good at trying to overcome us in our own peril -- like I am in the airplane .
I do n't need to put my hands on the wings .
I 'm going to show you a little bit of this .
It does n't need to depend on my eyes .
We have a lot of examples that we 've been able to do with technology or other ways , and it looks like this is so simple .
But we have to understand where the limits are .
And this is the hardest place .
Just like the Grand Canyon said , " Man is the only way to do it . "
The irony is that we have to know where human forces are in order to overcome them .
And hopefully all of you can recognize where your limits are , it 's not the right , to understand it , accept it and develop the tools of the human body .
Figure out the human potential , and it 's the same species that we think of as the only species we want to be .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/eric_dishman_take_health_care_off_the_mainframe.html
There are only 10 percent of plastic garbage being recycled -- but 90 percent , but the reason why the plastic is there is a lot of sheep , and the problem is that it 's a very heavy and decentralized problem , Michael Bigelow , which promotes a kind of economic supply and a great efficient energy supply , so it can make a economy .
business , global issues , green , plastic , technology
<unk>
Michael Pollan : We can recycle plastic
I am trash .
You might find this very interesting , because I hated garbage .
I hope in this decade that you can change a lot of what 's going on in life .
I want to talk about the first time .
Think about you as a child .
How do you look at things ?
Maybe it 's like these kids : I found myself .
If I was doing something , it was all me .
So I 'm going to do something about it .
Of course , if it 's bad , that 's what you get .
For 20 years , I knew a little bit about it , and that was that when we adults , we did n't have to throw a child .
Let me just spool it out .
Because every day , the junk around the world is dengue about a million pounds of things , and people die of something .
A million pounds sounds like a lot of stuff , but it 's just the middle of the world every year -- less than one percent .
In fact , the United Nations estimates about 50 million pounds of electrons that are discarded in the world , and this is one of the fastest permits of health .
And if you add other things , like cars , it might be much longer than the automobiles .
The more the countries , of course , are more than more .
Now when you see these mountains , most people think it 's garbage .
We see a ground tank .
And what we see is that there are lots of values that are valuable to these things .
And this transforms into a very important thing , and I 'm going to ask you how to put it completely completely .
And as we heard about TED , the growth of the population is getting smaller and smaller .
Of course , if you want toys and tools , most of you think it 's intuitive .
What 's the tool we use every day ?
And the main thing is that all plastic and plastic apparatus .
Metallic properties , we have the same amount of traffic jams in the world , and it 's the equivalent of the balance between the ground .
We 're getting plastic through the oil chain , and we 're going to be more remote and more remote and closer to the drilling .
These work is important to the economy and the environment , and that affects us now .
The good news is that we 're starting to regain these things where the product are running , and it 's actually beginning to recycle them , especially in Europe , which is what we 've been able to do to reproduce the stuff that is going to be liberated by the efficacy of the forces that are being recycled .
And most of the stuff we extract from the resources that we 're going to move , which is the wind .
To understand -- and I 'm here to say that because it 's the most pessimistic waterfall -- if you can get dengue over 90 percent of the metallic wind , you 're going to have to be killed by the other , and it will be used for other uses .
Less than 10 percent , it 's not just about 4.8 percent .
In fact , only five percent .
Most of them are infected or outside .
Now most people think of plastic as being recycled .
But in fact , plastic , the value of plastic , is very far apart .
In the same time , there 's a lot of plastic in the world , and it 's going to be more expensive .
So why so many of these are valuable and valuable , and they 're not being recycled , but it 's not a value device .
Part of the reason is because the metal is very simple from the other , or the wind , and the wind vessels .
Their density .
There are different electrons and magnetic fields .
Even colors are different .
So , for people and machines , it 's easy to leave them from the metal and the other materials .
And plastic is in a very small volume .
They have the same and very similar electrons and the hull .
Any plastic can be any color , like you know .
So the way that traditional material flows through is that the traditional material is used .
Metallic weapons are used to the other reason that a lot of the characteristics are coming from the developed world -- unfortunately , that most of us are in America , and we do n't have any kind of impact on the U.S. government -- to get over the developing world .
One day , just one dollar of a dollar , is going to balance the trash .
They pick them up , and most of them are the metal -- the circuit , the circuitry and the -- and then leave the most important of the plastic that they ca n't get .
And they cleaned up plastic , and then they get wind , like this kind of thing .
They collect metal vessels .
Maybe this is a low - cost solution , but it 's certainly not environmental , or human health .
I call it the environmental ventilation .
This is not fair , it 's not just sustainable development .
Because there 's a lot of plastic in plastic today , and the other way it 's not going to spread into plastic -- but human beings are actually trying to overcome plastic .
So here 's a example .
This is a world that I photographed on the roof , one of the biggest winters in the tree , in Mumbai .
They pour plastic in the roof .
Underneath the roof , it 's kind of like this , and people are very hard to get plastic compartmentalized by color , shape , perceiving the technology .
Sometimes they 're going to do the technique of burning and smell , and they adjust plastic and blaze of odors .
And these technologies are really important to do anything about dengue .
By the way , do n't do this in the family .
So how do we deal with these dynamics , at least we call this plastic ?
I believe that they 're really a big amount of money , so you ca n't get them out of it or burn it in the air .
So about 20 years ago , I started trying to try and experiment with this kind of very similar materials , and eventually I ended up with a lot of friends and plastic friends , the friends of the world , we began to visit the whole world .
And because it turns out , what we 're doing is the ground .
We eventually resolved the problem .
This is the last blank slate .
And this is a lot of important ingredients on the planet , and ultimately dengue is recycled .
Eventually , we found the lever .
In this process , we started making a process of plastic industry .
The conventional approach is to use oil or gas products .
Multiply molecules out , and then using a special way to replicate it , it creates great amounts of fuss about every day .
We think there 's a much more dynamic approach to manufacturing .
It 's not just just standing in the realm of the environment , but from the economic standpoint .
So trash is a great experiment .
The cost of cost is much less than oil , and a lot of it is , as I hope , you can see .
And because we 're not putting plastic into molecules , and then it 's going to replicate the way we use it to fill the ingredients .
It costs us very low cost .
It is very energy .
I do n't know if many of the projects in the world can save 80 to 90 percent more than the traditional energy .
In addition to that disease , we could build a kind of a form of plastic , and our factory could make a difference .
We found that plastic in those ingredients was found to the plastic product .
Our customers enjoy taking a lot of CO2 .
They were .
They can produce more dynamic products .
It 's a very limited time to tell you a little bit about what we 're doing .
It starts to start with the wind , and it 's going to fill the metal off the wind .
And then they re - assemble the metal and put it into something that 's called recycled , and the process creates the waste -- it 's a very complicated element , but the main thing is plastic .
So we take the non - plastic substance , like the metal , the carpet , and the rubber band , it 's the windows , the glass , you tell you to list a little bit of this .
Even dead animals .
So this is the first part of our process , and it looks like the traditional pathogen .
We use the magnet to collect the metal material , and we use air pumps .
It seemed like a factory that looks like this .
Eventually , we 're going to end up mixing plastic with plastic plastic and lots of levels of plastic .
So , this is our process of all the time , and the hardest work that we 've been working on , the beginning of the process .
We get plastic to the size of the cube .
We do this with a highly automated process , which is not just the shape of the pattern , and it 's the speed of speed .
And then the final process became a little waterfall : a pattern , a layer of activity .
We then end up with color pieces .
We put five million tanks into the water .
Multiply those ingredients into the water , they put it through a little bit of black holes , which is kind of like RHex .
And then it turns out that it 's a fractal .
This is a currency of plastic for plastic .
This is exactly exactly the same thing that 's created by oil and oil .
And what we 're going to do is be a little bit of a commodity , and it 's going to be a kind of a turn .
So today , instead of giving you a part of the developing world , or you can lose your old stuff , you could find a new thing , and you 're going to go back to the new , but you go to your home offices or back your door to you .
These are just part of the kind of company that we use to use plastic to make plastic plastic for plastic .
So I hope I 've changed what you 're thinking about , at least part of the thing .
We get a hint from nature .
Nature is almost no longer waste .
I hope you do n't think of it as a consumer -- that 's my whole life of hate -- to make us just a form of resources , and it knows that they can be a kind of form to use the other form .
Finally , hope I 'm going to give you a little bit of a change in the last child , and that 's what I do . "
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/al_gore_on_averting_climate_crisis.html
The Ba - Prince Film Festival was a wish when TED Fellow TED Prize , which is the wish : Use more and more to pay attention to the world .
TED Prize , art , arts , culture , design , environment , photography , psychology , social change
56
Rachel Fowler on his humanity 's landscape
So this four months I 've been playing with three wishes , and all the ideas are very clear .
I think everyone can do it for me .
And if you give you three wishes , what do you want to do ? Think of what this problem is , except let 's know what we 're thinking about .
Think of the problem , besides being able to pay us a little bit , you can make a difference .
And Heidi is the theme of today .
And this is the source of my inspirations .
And I was obsessed with Canada .
My father was very interested at the top of my father 's father .
So I had a lot of opportunity and him to experience this continent .
I 'm probably going to be thinking about how much I learned from this .
But I think at least I know a little bit about this kind of trick between the river , and we 're all just looking at the nature of nature and the forests of the wind , the fishermen who go to the forest -- and I want everybody to feel different .
Everything I 'm doing now is sort of the feeling of feeling that I think I should do it , and it works .
So , in a Tuesday morning , I walked out of my own pond , and I photographed this kind of thing .
Narrator : So this is a little bit of a couple of years ago .
But as a camera artist , I always feel that kind of work from the content that I have to express , and also the work of a artist 's career .
For a long time , my work would never be seen as a photograph or something like this .
And so I started thinking , if I should be able to do this .
I decided to adjust myself to focus on the landscapes of the human forces .
And I suddenly found a little bit of inspiration in Pennsylvania .
I was in front of a road , and I thought that would go back to the corner of the corner .
And the upshot came to a town called Frank juice , and I was just an impostor when I went out and saw a memorable astonishment .
Completely in the landscape of human forces .
In this shot , I began to start looking at the landscapes of the landscape that I could find , and the large industrial industry , or the big industrial industry .
This is what I came up with .
And it was the theme of my struggle , and this is not a big theme for me to do this , which is a huge theme , because I do n't have enough to work for a long time .
And I wanted to borrow this opportunity to help my company , and I would love to thank you .
And basically , every single picture that you 're looking at is going to be possible to get permission , and if not their help , if they 're not a company , I might never have seen this work .
I do n't want to talk about what I 'd like to say .
And I 'm also a company of company , and I can feel that they 're feeling importance to people in everyday lives .
But I also care about the importance of sustainable development .
And because of that , I ended up against them .
And I do n't want to do it here , because all of this , all that , is not suddenly .
So I started thinking , humans have been running a lot of time .
Even though it leaves the posture of time .
But we have no choice from that .
They follow all the time .
It 's a very scary thing , and when we go back and look at what we 're looking at , we get the consequences of what 's going on in this area and then we think of it .
And I want the audience to feel my picture , and I feel that the feeling of my mind is not so shattered to me .
Do n't brush " God , what 's going on here , " but it does n't look beautiful . "
Think of this as a beautiful , understandable , and I think this is what I 'd like to express , I wish , but I hope it 's not just about listening to some of these work , or thinking about the feeling of feeling that I 'm going to be thinking of .
It 's just about the dark side of the life that lives in life .
Think about it .
When did I start with this life ?
I had to admit that it felt ashamed , and I tried to make a change in my work .
So if you look at this picture , this cube is the biggest operator , there 's about 86 million of the old stars .
This is in California , in San Diego , close to the outside , and it 's just a six - hour walk , but four years , but four years of a fire .
And I decided to go to a couple of points , and if the work was just focused on nature , it 's now right now for our behavior to look at the junk of the natural world , which is a good beginning for me to see me .
And I brought them on the work of garbage as a consequence of human development .
It 's only where we 're working on the sustainability industry , and we can get it to live .
And of course , in this conference , I heard a lot of the content , and all the other disciplines , the applications , are encouraged to protect our nature .
Our ideas are good .
But the same thing .
environment continues .
In North America , I started making the world a little bit of the time , and what you 're looking at is what I 'm looking at .
And these images , these are the images of what I 've heard of .
I was talking about some of the U.S. Soyuz spill , which led to the world of dengue fever , because it was a worldwide decline .
All of these hairs need to be used before 2004 .
And I thought , " Oh my God , it 's too freakin . "
It 's a big boat with a little bit of wire , and it 's all happening in the country .
So I wanted to go to India looking at this .
But because of the local community of green , I was struck by India , so I 'm going to move the destination , and this is the first time I compared to this , which is so striking to me .
And the rest of the people , in the same place , lived somewhere between the front and the Rift Valley , all around the environment , is completely hostile .
And this is one of the biggest culprits in California , and I have a new idea of thinking about the whole world that we live in the world .
So I also wanted to work with oil as a foundation .
This is a project that I 've been trying to do in the last three years , which is probably " oil - barrels . "
And I think everything that we all have , regardless of the connection between oil or indirectly .
So let 's take a look at this picture in China .
And I started writing China in four years ago , and I looked , China was a very sustainable problem , but China gave me a huge impact on the industry .
I came from an industrial grant to a local urban retreat , and my dad was working for it , so I was very familiar with it and I had a very good idea , but the same industry was completely different .
What you see here is this is the biggest fat that humankind built , and the size of the brain has doubled .
And most of the engineers in the world thought this was impossible to do this , " This is too big . "
In fact , when this project was taken in a year and a half years ago , people were really able to adjust the earthquake in order to recline .
The whole team of Defense Corporation .
This is actually one of the largest squatter beds in the history of human history .
And the other thing that 's going on is the whole group of people moving across the city , and all the people in the cities are going to move the wind and the wind blows the wind .
This is one of the cities moving back and forth .
This is about 12,000 , and it 's based on artificial currency .
And I think there 's a couple of square building deployed in the process of destruction , and the rest of the time is just just the only time that it 's only just time .
You can imagine it .
And it 's the people who live in the city of their lives , and they 're all going to be a little bit of a rock and then they get a lot of pay .
Here 's some other slides .
And I have a couple of three - quarters of a television record that I 've had a lot of time .
It looks like a bombing , and it 's not .
It 's a completely completely designed land to change .
It 's a powerful power , and it allows them to be able to withstand the change that it 's all about .
But this may be a good thing to know , and China is now thinking about a nuclear tomato reef .
There are thousands of years that we have not created a ketchup plant because nobody wants to put a fire on their garden .
But China said , " No , we 're just going to build a holiday for a decade .
And they 're still at a speed speed for a week .
So coal resources are a major problem .
The other problem is that there 's a lot of urbanization , and you can see , you know , it 's going to be on the top of the left , forever , it 's never going to be a lot of the whole stage , it 's going to fall underwater .
It 's about two million people , and it 's just not just a leader .
It 's waiting for them to do it .
This is a new creature , and it 's one of the largest agencies .
This is the city of cities , and it 's the Rift Valley .
And in the midst of the city of urban areas , I 'm really sure that these are not the concepts of what we call the concept of a city .
There are no parks , there 's no park .
There 's only a couple of miles of light on the hill .
They take their chance to build a beautiful urban city , but they do n't seem to do it .
Here 's a piece of wood , and it says , " The population is called " Man - Dick . "
You create science , civilization , progress .
It 's a sin of liberation , and you find that it 's all about Western culture .
In fact , I want to do that .
But what I 'm really afraid is that the culture of the cultural immigrants behind the chaos of chaos .
They look at the way that they 're not going to take us through their lifestyle .
And when you go back and look at how they slow down the city of their old age , the culture of which you 're going to get into the countryside , and you 'll get an estimate of it .
This picture taken up one of the largest shops in the countryside , and there was a rural population of urban population .
Now in China , there 's been a lot of land around the land of the Caribbean , and in the future , the next 50 years is going to be the equivalent of 50 million people , where they might be more than five million dollars , or producing centers in Shanghai or manufacturing .
And these organizations make industry often come from the local , or most of all , in China , and they 're all used to the same colors of color .
And this factory is used , and it 's a vacuum system .
They provide lunch for their staff .
And the staff teams all over the country , and they all go to this country .
This is one of the largest squatter factors in the Pacific , and it 's about nine to 150 employees .
This picture taken out of the picture , and it 's going to take over the next day .
There are two factors , the same area in the same area .
There are about 86 million employees here , so there are a lot of people who eat it at the same time .
They 're only a dozen percent .
And the next step of engagement is a huge business here , and this is the coral , the city of the Starr city , which is going to be going down to five years , new forms of construction coming out of here .
And this is a picture of the farm , or China 's on the other hand , and if you 're in five years , it 's not possible .
They were very images of images .
They were lying , they were n't going to get their responsibilities .
Without enough benefits , they do n't want to give up their home .
It 's only when they asked them to be interrupted .
And they took care of the family , and they were able to get a little bit more sophisticated than they had .
And then these houses are also going to follow the circle for thousands of years , and the same story in the city of a couple of hours is that there 's a whole series of <unk> in villages that are united in Shanghai .
And I think this is probably one of the biggest ones on the planet .
But they did n't find a very reasonable road , and it 's my wish , but I 'm going to be there and I want to tell them that they can build better .
And the logic of this kind of thing is really necessary to do that , and they 're called the glue .
And this inhibits one of these .
They do n't have a parallel , and if it 's a big picture , you can see the electrons in the foreground , if you 're able to tell their career , a group of Legos .
And the gap between the industry continues , as well as the Industrial Revolution .
This is a hill in Shanghai .
And a big urban city , which is a high - speed urban , and I think there 's no city that I do n't have any urban contact with .
So even though it 's a little more than 15 million people , there is a population that 's going to be the first time in which the population is introduced , and the rest of the population is growing up to 100 million .
Narrator : It 's a huge amount of money , and it 's going to be a bit closer from this picture , but it 's about nine thousand miles across the picture .
Narrator : These are the ones that produce these automobile cars that are going to be sent to the city , coral , and all the major cities , and this is just one of the culprits in China .
Just relieving cars .
It 's a very high - speed urban area where the construction sector is , and it 's the same speed .
The main building is , as long as it breaks down , you get back to the waiting room .
And you can see that the density of your life is living here .
But I 'm not saying that it 's not that if I see these buildings , the first thing I think is that they do n't have an aerial window on every single piece of paper .
And I think there are some of you who are more aware of what 's called the quality of the community , and I 'm really not really sure that the house is going to be more effective and more efficient to the end of the house .
When we put it into the countryside , you 'll see that the spike is just a little bit of a protection of the Atlantic Ocean .
So the speed of high - speed cities is only a little bit like this .
In this picture , there 's a little bit of a really developed piece of design .
About eight months ago , there was a new construction map coming out of the Houston store .
In order to describe the building building , it 's a coral building .
Recently , I started drawing some of the large industrial sites of China .
For example , the fraction of the picture , it 's just in the Mandara valley .
This is the coal supply site , and it 's 18 degrees north .
And a lot of them here , I think , at least 75 people have the headrest , and here 's the Florida Canyon .
They 're building new big stars , and they 're trying to try to get into the finning of China .
In the picture , you can see the heat line .
And you can notice that every picture looks at dengue .
And what you see is a video of a piece of paper .
And the upshot of this is that it needs to work for 10 hours a day .
And I think of a problem that we 're talking about here , when we talk about China , always mentioned the most advanced technology of the year .
In a place where I photographed the picture , it 's about 23,000 workers .
And I asked them to take a look at the top of the Maltese Falcon , and I 'm standing in front of each of these people on the front page of every person on the table .
She was completely overwhelmed .
And actually what China really has really really led them to the rise of East Asia , which is not just what they 've got , and the device is n't just the simple , but it 's a lot of labor .
And there 's a huge amount of surgery and return to each other .
And if everybody does n't change their ideas , it 's going to continue to get more than 15 years and then end up in the middle of the city .
So let 's go back to this picture where you see a picture of this .
When I was photographed , I had to go to the bottom of the slide .
So I had to assure them that they could take a long time .
I photographed them in their work , and they were hard to work in the workplace .
And because they were used to work for a day , so I went to a team , and I asked one of the CEOs , " OK , thank you . "
This is a picture that looks good at this picture , right ?
This is a picture of fogging , and it 's a dynamic of oil .
And what you see in this picture is that the highest bar is the tallest operator .
there 's a couple of them , and it 's about 20 dollars a second .
It takes about 12 people to charge that they just need to go back to the vertical line .
And the machine 's working on this kind of industry is powerful .
So I took a long time , and I was a factory of a factory .
And so I took these two images , and I did a lot of this kind of sort of thing to get into the scale of a better act .
Here , here 's the spacecraft factory , and this is the statistics of the statistics , and it 's going to be sent to the airport .
This is a company where a factory factory is more dense .
There are about 30,000 workers .
This whole factory of factories is more than half a dozen people in the country .
Think of the international industry , and the company is very difficult , or they 're not allowed to allow me to go to a picture .
And they do n't want me to go into a picture .
But the bigger businesses are easy .
That 's what happens in China , all of a sudden you can get one of these images from the top of the China to China .
labor costs very high cost , and they 're really necessary to choose a low - cost marketplace .
This is a high - tech model of a commercial cell , and it 's one of the biggest cell phones of China .
And the mosquito growth of the Chinese cell cell , I think , is probably a new kind of cell company , maybe a whole new phone company .
This is an application - based management industry , one of the largest agencies .
And the next picture is a <unk> .
It 's all very powerful .
This is a klutz at the same time when I 'm a photograph .
This is the biggest piece I ever met .
The main production of production , they 're the largest pedestrian manufacturer of the world , and it 's the biggest operator .
Here 's a couple of Legos , and it 's half a half , which is just the top part of their building .
These are pictures of me recently , and I just came back to this one month and so on , so this is the first picture of this picture .
I spent nearly a year and a half - year - old relationship on these places .
So let 's take a look at the other side of China , which is a very keen country .
So we have a lot of back - up resources that were collected to China .
This is the metal layer , and it 's the middle of the Mecho - Gecko , where they fly from the motors and the wind and its metal metals .
Compare it to California or Silicon Valley .
And that 's what most of the computers did .
About half of the world 's computer ends up in China .
They 're called the electronic trash .
But because they 're recycled , these trash actually converge in a very broad range of places that are used in China , and they 'll fill the parts off the board and put it from the airport .
And there is a value of value with value .
But it turns out that there 's a lot of money in the village where the villages are running around , and the places you can be able to smell , you know , the smell of flavor , you can smell .
And this is another part of the other way , and most of these are the family shops , who are not going to be very large , maybe in the house , or even on the street , even if there 's a lot of this kind of thing , if you 're in a room , there might be a problem of what 's going on in China .
And this is a very , very few times , and I did n't have a lot of time , but it was a really impossible time that I could n't get a chance to work with a dozen years and then experience the Cultural Revolution . Now , she was sitting next to the top of the family .
Now , this path is recycled , and this is the biggest piece of electronic debris dengue .
And that 's what I wanted to show you .
And I wanted to give my wish to my two daughters .
And in all of my thinking , they constantly escape me .
On the right - hand side , the left is the one on the left .
All of this , all of my photographs , are really important to what we 're doing .
And all of this is happening here in this moment , and it 's going to change all the problems that I want to do .
And I think we 're not just going to change the world of our world , and we should be able to do it , change our balance , even though the wrong behavior continues , but in Asia , although I know that this is a good thing , I want to know why it 's the same thing that we need to focus on .
And this one 's what I 'd like to think of , and also my wish to take this idea of thinking , " Twenty - 20 years , or 15 years later , when they start thinking about romance , what is the next time that they 're going to be a little girl ? "
Whether I think about my work , or thinking about this , it 's a very simple wish to think of all the core ideas .
Well , my first wish : change the world . I want to use my photographs more , and I 'm going to take a lot of attention to this one .
And I think it 's not a desire to work from today .
I 've been doing some research before I do that , and I hope that my wish can be done , not to stay in the street .
Now , although my wish is not to do it today , I 've found a way of doing this .
This is a great blog built for a month .
Now it 's about half a month .
And the most important part of this site is that their attitudes are what I like .
And they did n't walk into the realm of all the agricultural movements , and I think that the environment was very difficult because they tried to try to understand the balance of regret , because it was not for people to play the environmental conditions , not to show people the active side of the environment , to make people change .
And that blog is a little bit of a positive impact on the environment , and it makes our world better .
There 's a new idea of technology , new energy management new .
And what I could do is take my work on the site .
Maybe some people have already known , I and the other one , and he 's a co - inventor of TED -- and , of course , this is a cruel piece of design , not the end of the design result , which shows the images of a magazine .
You can put it on the site , the bus , or any other somewhere .
This is a start .
And our idea is that most media , most of the press , is a piece of text , and it 's a piece of text .
In conjunction with the statistical statistical Survey , there 's only a lot of ads , and it 's very , very high .
And so we designed this for a lot of images , and we think of it as a swarm of people to think about what they 're looking at at the same time , but what 's the picture of this picture ? "
And I want people to get a problem with the website .
Even though it 's just a blog , but I wish he could develop a larger development , and I 'm not just projecting it up , because there 's a lot of people who are very seasoned .
And I believe that it can create their own voice , and now , in this website , there 's been a discussion in India , China , North America , from the North Pacific and the information .
And I believe that we could have a conversation with a big conversation about sustainability , big discussion .
And if you want to inspire this stuff , it 's a really bad thing .
My next wish is more to think about it .
And this wish is : I want to start a strategic interface grant to encourage kids to get their ideas .
And this idea was taken from my lexicon , where I was talking about the junk of the East Coast , who was talked about free , and I started thinking about eight to the sixth grade .
And all of you know that eight , seven - year - olds , they start developing , and they start looking at society .
So for the sake of this phase , our grandparents are very important .
And I 'd like you all .
And I 'm thinking that we can start looking at what 's going on at the beginning of a semester , and they learn what is sustainable and to innovate .
And one of the ways I think about it is to take a long time to get a fee - to - a - half dollar rate , which is the mosquito Fund , as a result , to give the kids to get their children to get their kids to work on the activity .
In my mind , I ended up using it .
One of the best efforts for a high school consultant is a very good family , and the repurposing of marketing continues and a best community .
And I also wanted to add a world of my world " Art , " which is a huge project , if we could attract some people to have the device or the money to make the project personalized , including all of the schools , and all the secondary schools to collect this competition .
PH : The judge is supposed to give a real project , not a sexy idea .
And the art could be their ideas , or practice , but all of it has to be done on the street .
So , what we 're trying to do is actually encourage the kids to think about this .
By raking it forward to sustainable ideas , I believe that their behavior can influence their parents , their families will help them join them .
And it turns out that all of you will be able to focus on the ideas of sustainable development , maybe if you 're going to recycle the junk , I think it 's not all about all the time , and I 'm trying to understand that it 's all about sustainable progress and the influence .
But I hope everyone can understand this , and this is what I 've been trying to do .
Let 's go back to the race of my world , and we can collect the art of competition in the game as an advertising .
And I like , " The theme of my world is able to make us realize that it 's the owner of the world .
This is my world , instead of other people , I should protect her to what I 'm supposed to do for her , and I think it 's a good opportunity to encourage your imagination to inspire their imagination and make some of their own imagination .
And I think every school should take a group of money and the equipment to engage this one .
And what we 're going to do is have a lot of opportunities for this , " My world . "
My third wish was to draw a movie movie , and I said to myself , I should put a film like this , which is my hope .
When I first looked at the movie film , I found this work and I worked with my work , and some of my colleagues I 'd like to , you know , whatever the content was doing , or the way I wanted to do it as an altar .
And if you give me a chance , I 'm going to give the audience chaos .
And of course , I really need someone to go out .
I just came up with a couple of weeks , and I had no time to spend a lot of time on learning , so I needed some people to help me fill my hand , to make my work a little bit .
That 's my three wishes .
http://www.ted.com/talks/rob_forbes_on_ways_of_seeing.html
James Rockwell invited you to follow his family home dinner dinner , where his parents educate him : to love the people who really need love .
adventure , chautauqua , compassion , faith , global issues , life , religion
<unk>
James Eglash on compassion
Compassion : What does it look like ?
In the South Side of South Carolina , I grew up in South Africa , where I grew up .
And if you go in , you 'll see we 're looking at us at night , and we 've got 10 people , but it 's not every single step .
Because mothers have eight kids , sometimes she said she 's not who 's threatened .
But before we eat , she said , " Are all the kids ? "
If someone does n't get it every once , we 'll say , keep a plate , put him in the oven , and then we renamed it .
So when you sit in front of the table , this is a ritual of our family , and when any thing happens , when the mother 's been elected the president of a parent , or if the father has a school teacher in the ' 60s , you have to get a job at the height of their college school , but the traditional irony of his family is , we 've got to say , " Name a long time , let 's get back to that guy , then we had to do it for the
It was a man who solitary lucid .
Again , we have to tell our family report , and that is , the family develops and the older people ca n't get the patients and their older families .
My task was , at least a week ago , a couple of weeks went to the University of Michigan , and the Oprah Corporation of Christopher Park , the predecessor of the Berlin subway Conference .
Why ? Because they do it because we need to look at whether they need anything .
The mother said , " It 's a family , it 's about caring for and sharing for people .
They 're members of our family . "
Of course , sometimes you have incentives .
They 'll be a little bit candy .
The mother said , " If they asked you how much money you get to buy , you have to say , ' No money , if they insist on you , it 's not the nature of us .
In fact , she screwed up , and if we do that , it 's not just our joy , but she said , " God 's going to smile , ' and God smiles , the world 's peace and joy . "
So , in bed , I learned a lot about compassion .
And of course , it 's a family family , so we have to put God together .
So I 've been thinking about the older mother always asking , " Are all the kids ? "
And , if we insist on care and sharing , we believe that this world is going to be the world of justice and peace .
Now , the restaurant is not always beautiful .
So let me just spool it out of what we ca n't do .
It was Christmas in our house .
In Christmas morning , we opened our gifts , and we had a special place where we were in the age of the old valley , but we said , " That 's a very tight moment . "
In fact , you can get off the tree , get the gift and to sing the song , and then even do n't have to wear a Band - Aid or a <unk> , but the council of his dad has brought everything apart .
He did n't have any place in this particular Christmas restaurant .
And then his father came up with his fellow love to the family to celebrate .
We thought he had to be crazy .
It 's our moment . This is a reversed moment .
This is what we could do with our real self , but now we 've got this kind of continuity that we 're still wearing as a ruler , and he 's wearing a bomb and dust .
Why 's the God coming rushing up ?
It 's not about Christmas , any other time .
Mom 's not listening to us , " You know what ? If you really understand the real truth , celebrate your love .
This is what liberation really is .
Jody is making space , and it 's sharing fun in a family family . "
Well , we 've got it .
But for the sake of the day , compassion is not a metaphor for a debate , and it 's a sense of how we 're going to be the emotional .
We 're brothers and sisters .
It 's like the French chief says , " We 're not living in the net of life .
We 're just running outside .
So no matter what we do to do this , we 're right . "
That 's empathy .
So I told you , I 'm looking at this world .
And I looked at the picture , and some people said , " Look , it 's compassion . "
And one of the things that came out of that was a little bit of a candy jump on the corner , and the traditional tradition that I had , you know , would actually destroy , but you have to leave the rest of those people who have n't been able to get enough enough to survive .
Let 's talk about a picture of compassion .
I saw a picture of Dr. King Harlan .
Steve Jurvetson and Shaw Carpet , maybe the wall may be a straight line , and the other parent moves across the bridge and went to the airport .
Just one photo .
It 's a sin of liberation .
Even though they do n't have a party and a religious relationship to a common desire to be brothers and sisters , change our identity .
Now , another picture . I really like this picture .
When Al Gore was Dr. Seuss , the day , we were very upset with the community .
You hear the countries around the country .
Bob Marley has a good news for this .
That 's the picture . They said , " It 's going to be too hot . You ca n't go . "
He keeps " I must go . "
So , sitting on the truck , the community is going to tell people , " I 've got a bad news telling you .
Some people would n't have heard of the song as Dr. Seuss .
And I understood you were happy and I learned you 'd like to have a chance to participate in the movement of finance , but " he said , " I want you to know .
Because my grandparents were killed .
I understand your feeling . "
And then he said , " I hope you have power to do what I do .
And I asked my anger , and my kite , my grief and fell up and I decided to go to a new world and we could get together . "
This is a picture . Is it compassion ? I think I see it .
I saw it as when I was a priest in San Francisco to Los Angeles , and he came to the world .
He asked them to send a message , and each one of them uses their language to understand , which is the golden property laws , " How do you react to other people , you know , how to do it for people . "
12 is a person who 's 12 , and the people who have the same information .
We connect that way , and we have to move all the way to you .
And there 's a picture that I 'm thinking about when I think about the church church , nine and a half days later , a journalist has a conversation with a TV surgeon , and at night , when the public serves in the city , we continue in our cities .
" That 's what he said , " It 's one of the most consistent moments of history . "
We 're all in suffering .
But you invite all of the traditional versions of traditional representation , and you invite them .
To find , what is your traditional telling us that when we 're forced to do what we 've been manipulated , when you 're imprisoned , we have to make what 's going on , and then they 're going to work on the power of their own heritage and a headrest .
Well , I found compassion as a tonight , but I became a storyteller .
Now , as a matter of fact , my job is , I 'm going to do it for myself , but I should do it .
Or , like the Grand Canyon told people , " Some people ca n't get paid .
I had to say a little bit about that . "
So the real question is : How do you say compassion ?
How do you make it happen ?
My mantra became a symbol of ideal , and once I kept challenged .
In my traditional tradition , we need to give a gift to each other , and every single one of us knows the story .
A lot of people think that the first one should be charity , random is random .
But for those of you who really study , you realize that a problem is going down , and it causes this Rover .
The question is : " What 's the greatest metronome ? "
And according to mother , it came out , " You must love love yourself , you have to love your goals like you , your God , and your neighbors . "
And people said , " Well , what you mean , the neighbors ? " and he said a man 's story to answer this question , and the religion is how to get to the other side and tell the question of how it 's going to go to a different road , but it has to do it with the rest of the way , you know , it needs to be able to help him with a way of navigating a pathway .
And he said , " It 's just just beginning , and if he 's needed help , you need to help him .
Whatever he needs , wait for me , I 'll give you money . "
It 's a conscious mind to me , to be a general mind .
Narrator : It 's not just easy to survive , it 's just a direct way of caring about and philanthropy , but it gives you a whole range of sustainable care -- as I say , in a hotel , to care and care .
I think maybe there is a time when the Bible talks about healthcare and promises to do what they need , all of God needs to be picked up , so the God asks , " What 's wrong with health ? " and we can answer . " And then we answer it .
A happy person is happy to prove compassion .
And I think I 'm always interested in focusing on how to focus on their souls , looking at their house , to watch their houses , and the family , the old , children , who are not even born to publish and take care of any of the children 's children .
It 's a guy who wants to care about these individuals .
But now , as a big Rover , I always say , and I 'm going to do it for a good American , to me , not a lot of liberation .
Compassion is a dynamic .
And I believe that we 're doing all the things that are working on the Upper East Side , where you have to do what 's going on in the house , and the ritual of the trickster has to be done until we become a family , and the family is trying to understand the physical nature of our identity .
We become a man .
So let me give you a hint of what I know about compassion , and why I think it 's important for compassion .
We 're going to determine the power of compassion .
It 's so important because it 's a very special moment .
This is the moment that we 're talking about , the day of God , or that year , or the year .
This is a controversy .
The unusual thing is happening .
Let me ask you a little bit about it , as a black man , to celebrate Barack Obama 's bombing , which is a year of God .
And there are so many things to be done .
We need to be healthy , food and education , and the respect of God , all the way to God .
Now , let me tell you a little bit about what I 'm going to talk about , regardless of the form of poetry .
So I want to end with a song .
In this lemon lemon , we were at the racetrack , and we all were kids .
And if the mother 's mother teaches us , the right thing is , it 's not just what we 're talking about , not only part of our regret .
That 's why we do it .
♫ Sobule : So I 'm so happy to make a copy of heaven , ♫ ♫ I 've got God 's love and dedicate other people , when I look at it , the heaven is never going to cry for me , and you ca n't see if I 'd like to say , " Oh , I do n't have to do it right now , but I am happy . ♫ Sweeney : Let me just go and give you happy , let 's see , you know , what 's wrong with it ? ♫
http://www.ted.com/talks/joshua_walters_on_being_just_crazy_enough.html
Christopher Rick Warren used to be at five years old when the child 's soldiers had been saved by a castle , and then became a rescue -- and it was an umbrella - like star -- he was also concerned about the war in the United States , with the lyrics for the children , who had a very regular life .
arts , entertainment , global issues , music , poetry , politics , war
<unk>
Christopher Goldstein : A passionate dance for children
My name is Christopher Martin .
I come from a very far place .
For a long time , I used to tell people a very painful story about me .
And that 's a difficult journey , and I 've been able to tell stories about the form of the speech .
And it 's like this to talk about you .
But for me , the easiest approach is to express the emotional feeling .
And I 'm calling myself a little kid .
And I did that because the woman in my village was lost in the village .
She does n't have newspapers , and she loses her view of social thinking .
And it 's about a young man who wants to make change , but nobody has to listen to his voice because he does n't write it .
Or , he could n't touch the Internet , and no Facebook , or the YouTube tool , the TV tool .
And the other thing my dream was to dream for me was that I had to say that it was necessary to express this story , and the story includes my dreams , sometimes I could hear some of the voices I met , " Do n't give me some sound . "
Sometimes I think I 'm going to give up , and I do n't keep it , because I do n't know .
When I was born in the 1960s , my country was running a war .
I looked at our village in the frozen room .
And the thing that 's important to me is something important to me .
After five years , I saw myself being raped .
My mother died in war .
My brothers were divided apart .
Now , I stayed up with my father all over time .
And so the mother looked at it every day , and my mother was actually growing in the brutality of the violent force .
And so I 'm calling myself a little girl .
In this case , early childhood , I became a <unk> .
I do n't know what war is .
But the experience of the past is pretty far through my own .
I went to the Oprah ward , and I said , " I 'm going to kill as many Muslims as much as possible . "
And trained , but it 's a dynamic because I hope for family .
I wish for people in the village .
And what 's happening is that it 's going to go back because I understand the tooling .
It 's not just Muslims who kill us .
Instead of holding the system down to the whole system , they 're doing it by religion , and they want to get oil , the grubs and the land .
So , understand the truth , is to give me a choice of choice ? Is it just giving up a ticket ?
I chose to give up the wall . Now , I 'm talking to the Muslim friends and dance with them .
And I created a documentary book called " The Purpose - Driven Kids . "
So it 's not that painful .
But my story is tens of thousands .
And then I 'm going to be in a different dimension , so I can get a little bit apart .
And I 'm going to show you a poem called " Dead currency " from " The Purpose Driven Children ' " " Children .
I 'll tell my story .
And that was a six - year - old , and we did n't have any food , we had the friends of our friends -- we got 400 people .
It was only 16 people left .
I want you to hear my wife .
My dreams were very , very good .

In my mind , I was imprisoned for friends .
It was like a guy who died in my friends , because hunger died .
In empty deforestation , in the Atacama Desert .
And they were dead , and I said , God heard my nail .
When I was really overwhelmed , I had to eat the meat that I would eat , and God gave me a <unk> .
We 've been trawling up the village , and we were looking for any more food that could be used to the stomach .
I know that it 's very painful , but I really need food .
So , I was forced to crime , and it was just just for the destruction of the plankton .
And sometimes , you need lose to lose that .
Do n't give up , do n't go away .
Seven are seven percent .
And then , after a year , I spent a six - year - old life life .
She 's sleeping every night a night .
I 'm ready to get killed , defending , calm or flatter .
I saw my people die in war .
But instead of seeing the enemy 's enemy , they do n't see the mosquito that I killed .
In the lexicon , I 'm not going to get back .
The gecko 's toes , like a lightning of lightning .
And I was a young man , and I had a little bit of a little bit of this .
And I saw my hand on the hand , and I would say , " Do n't go to be ready to starve , do n't do it .
I 'm living in a model of catastrophes .
I 'm a woman who did n't have a mother , and I was still working new .
In this new lexicon , I stopped not alone .
Do n't wait , no stopping the police .
I 'm going to take a long time .
Sometimes , for the right thing , I had to go to crime .
It seems like a lot of life .
I felt a sense of human efficacy .
Whoa ! Children 's children !
On TV , we see your <unk> , and I 'm going to work for you .
I went and went .
It does n't matter when it comes back .
My country was killed .
And the music that I used to hear was silence and lies .
There 's so many people die , I 'm not even touching them .
And I asked the romance , what did I do ?
Why do n't I get to starvation ?
And why I was learning when other kids were at school .
I eat snails and craters , and lemon Woods and other creatures .
I 'd like to eat .
I know that this is acceptable , but who cares ?
So this is my story , my life .
Thank you .
And I kept doing that , and I made music .
I never wanted to expect people to tell me that my story could be written with my dreams .
Music is my donation .
With music , I really see heaven , and I 'm very happy to become a kid and dance with music .
And I know that music is only the only one to enter the human condition and the heart of your heart , and it 's going to impact your mind even though you do n't know what your minds are .
It 's only a music that allows you to get away from the bed , and it 's all very natural to get into the bed .
I 'm often sending music to the power of music , because it 's not just color .
And if you love a frog , you 're not as a frog .
And here 's a story where I actually came up with this notion of the beauty of music that I was a child .
I hated the north .
But somehow , I do n't worry about their music .
We 're around the music .
And what I 'm amazed about is that there 's a leader in Arabic that we have to sing for us , and we sing for our tea .
I dance with music as well as the music dance .
But I have a problem .
Now , my own music , I know the power of music .
What 's happening ?
And I went through a very painful journey .
Today , these days , I 'm 60 .
Do n't take dinner and lunch .
I founded a actions called " losing Happiness . "
I was losing it , and I 'd like to do that .
And I took this project for breakfast and lunch , and we wanted to build a school in a school .
And I 'd like to do it because I was just a normal day .
Now I got to the West , and I also wanted to eat a little bit .
The kids in my village are usually going to be the same for the BBC or the other radio , and they wait for a single day and say , " Name a long time , because it means we fundraised enough money to build schools .
And I made this promise , and I said , " For this project , I decided to take dinner for dinner . "
I think it 's not enough to be famous for what 's going on in a month , but I do n't find it .
And it 's been the dominant operator .
And I said , " No no . "
I saw people in Facebook , and they support me .
Some people sent three dollars .
The smallest driver is 20 cents .
Some people gave us 20 cents .
I do n't know what they do .
But they moved to me .
And I 'd like to do all of my education .
I even wanted to do it because I learned that this was significant for anyone in my village .
Education is a human brain for a lot of opportunities to offer a long time .
Because long depends on foreign aid .
My country became a very big country .
In refugee camps , you can see the 20 or 30 years old , and the people who are in their families .
They only know from the U.N. alone .
But you know , if you just give handouts , you 're going to have a whole generation of generations .
If you want to help Africa , let 's talk about what we need to do .
Come on for us , give us the tools .
Africa has liquid water , and they have modems . People can grow crops .
Let 's invest in education .
Business education , let Africa have a powerful institution to start a revolution .
They were able to get the war off immediately .
If you invest in Africa , we can change Africa .
So that 's what I call it .
And in order to do this , I founded the <unk> African , and through this institution , we 'll go back to school .
Now , we 've got college college .
We have 40 children , and it 's all about children and we think we need to be able to support our kids .
I said , " We 're going to move this out . "
Compare it to the friends and the trusted friends .
And this is what I hope to do , is that I want to take the world a change .
Okay , so I 'm not going to give you a little bit of a song , OK ?
I 'd like you to stand up with a name for the U.K. government , and the name of a company is called the Personal Fund .
And I emailed this song to tell you how big it is to get to me .
And she came into my country and saw the importance of what was going on in the Himalayas .
She said , " The only way to help finance is to invest in helping women 's education , and they 're going to have this kind of a complex country .
She was married by one of the founders of the Congo .
She saved more than 150 million children .
I 'm one of them .
I 'd like you to take a name for me , to sing a tribute to a leader .
You ready .
Okay .
Okay .
♫ Sobule : So , for the sake of a minute , ♫ ♫ That 's a Friday afternoon , and she just came back from a fridge and I 'll go here , because I 'm going to be here because , " Do n't I get to me , I 'd be able to get you to do this , but I would be in the way that I had to go and do n't know if I want to take it to the rest of the world , ' ♫ Well , what I do ? ♫
♫ Sobule : Let 's take the best joy of applause .
♫ Okay , I 'm going mad . ♫ ♫ Sweeney : ♫ ♫ Oh !
♫ What am I going to be ? ♫ ♫ Well , if you do n't have schedules , I 'll be what I would be if I 'd be a little girl , and then I 'm becoming what you 're not thinking , " ♫ and the other one , ♫ I wo n't get a promotion ! ♫ Sweeney : And I ca n't be married , but I will not be able to get the education for the rest of my life : ♫ Oh , you know , it 's not the case . ♫
It 's God 's child for me .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sergey_brin_and_larry_page_on_google.html
Christopher Sweeney : The last 15 minutes of bed - au - Prince , the founder of John Locke , who was a TEDster ' Lord of her God , ♫ ♫ Sobule : In her case , it 's going to be a little bit closer to her . "
Rover , Featured , God , arts , poetry , culture , performance , religion , technology , storytelling , theater
<unk>
♫ Sobule : A god of God , Keep me up to me .
In September 4th , I was seven - year - olds , and I looked at the kitchen and saw my mom was looking at my father and when they found me in front of my kitchen door , they said , " Hey , <unk> . ♫ ♫ Sweeney : Oh , motherfucker . "
My father said to me , " You know what it means , right ? "
And I said , " Of course , I would like to be a boy named Jack , and a birthday , a lot of gifts . " My father said .
But what 's more important is that seven years old means you 've reached the age of rational age , and now you have the ability to get all the way to God and humankind .
And I heard about the age of symmetry .
♫ Sobule : My sister , Kevin Carroll was used to me , but that was just the school class in school , and when she published this word , it was because we were all destroying the word for the first time for our first generation of religious intelligence and self - help . ♫ Sweeney : And you know , " The age of the time is that it does n't seem to be the same time . "
So I said , " Okay , that 's the wrong age , and tell me what I mean ? "
My father said , " We believe we believe that God knows the capacity of God , but you get seven years , you 've got this ability .
You grew up , and you go to rational age , right now , God will start recording your behavior , the records will be you . "
And I said , " Oh yeah , and so on , what do you mean today , I 've been here , but God never noticed ? "
Mom said , " Oh , but I noticed . "
I thought , " How could I not know ?
They tell me , how do I do it ?
When you have a long time , it does n't work well .
And the worst thing about this is that I got to this very important day , and I found this fact . "
And I said , " Heidi , what ? "
I mean , Do n't you know what you 're doing , right ? "
And his father said , " Yeah , but I think it 's just beyond Thanksgiving and Christmas . "
And mother said , " Stand up , Bob , directly told him .
You see , she 's 96 years old , Julie , the world 's world . "
Actually , I do n't have a lot of straw .
My parents had been Alzheimer 's story about the story of San Francisco : how they were about to talk about and decide , and they had to decide that even though they 're in Christmas , they put them on Christmas at Christmas to open the gift of the next morning and we renamed it a little bit .
And let him take him on Christmas morning , and we were in charge of Cape Town where we did n't have any trouble with any difficulty .
And this was really embarrassing .
In fact , it 's actually our parents presenting us .
And the fathers have a very unique kind of representation , and my mother is so close to that .
Also , what 's going on with the rest of the other day ? How are we going to get back home to our family ?
And this is a whole series of evidence , and I came up with a clear conclusion : We 're not going to be able to sit at the same time , but the parents do n't want to go to protect us , we 're just not talking to us ; it 's not just what we call us " joy , " and the truth is , he does n't really look at happiness .
So , for discovery of discovery , I actually want to tell you a little bit about eating .
And when I leave the kitchen , I 'm not particularly surprised to get a little bit of a sense of what I 'd like to say to " rational age . "
Now , you know , it 's too late for me , but I might help people .
They 're going to take two conditions : first , their older age is not enough to understand the concept of logic ; the second , they do n't have seven .
The answer is obvious : My brother 's Bill Clinton .
And I found out in Hong Kong where Bill Gates found Bill who was in a public school , and he was August Bill .
And I went down and said , " Bill !
And I realized that the logic was going to be when you were seven years old , and from the front of your seven year - old day , you had the ability to bend all the God and the humankind ' God , who said , " Well , what ? " ♫ and I said : " What 's the time ? ♫ " And that 's what you 're doing . "
But when I went to the highest level , I said , " Oh , yes , Bill does n't exist . "
But I did n't know that my seven - year - old was not at night .
And I spent a long time in order to get a Ph.D. from a couple of weeks , but a few weeks ago , mom took me to sit , and said , " I 'm talking to you .
And your birthday was n't nine months , and I said , " What ? "
She said , " Listen to me . ♫ Sweeney : I 'm going to be born at nine months ago . "
" So I told them that your birthday is September p.m. , but I do n't know if you 're going to tell people the actual birthday of your real birthday , so I 'll tell you , you know , it 's September Carolina .
And Julie , you 're totally beginning to go to school , darling , completely . "
I 'd like to think , when I was four years old , I had been four kids , and there was another child in my mother 's stomach , so she meant , " Well , she should be , if you 're going to go to school , it 's really necessary for me to do it , but I 'm sure , you know , ♫ ♫ Do n't worry about it . ♫ Sweeney : You do n't know .
This is what I felt like , but it was very painful .
My mother was going to celebrate me , and I did n't know what I was sure .
And this is really interesting to me , not because I have to tell me all of my sons , I need to change the date of the older musicians , which means that I 'm not a skeptic .
And I put a big <unk> in my hand , and I read my daily everyday day every day and said , " I 'm talking about it . "
And then now I 'm going to get the bed nets .
So I bought the new car to downtown town and bought new stairs .
And the owner of the Bonobo is a silver lining , and the guy 's lying is lying on the street and it 's just a big umbrella , and it 's just a big Rover .
And I was in the age of girls , and I got more than a couple of other girls and said , " Well , when I knew I had a little bit of the time , it was an oxymoron .
But I bought a new trick and started reading my new <unk> , and I found that it was completely entirely me .
Until a few years later , when I came back to thinking about the " psychological age " , " published " -- I suddenly had the same time I thought I 'd been seven years old , and I did n't get seven ! ♫ Sweeney : I have a whole month , I 've had one last month .
Oh , life is miserable .
And one day , two dentists in this room took me to the door .
And I was in Los Angeles , in the morning of Watts , where there was all the people who were walking around the bridge all over the bridge .
Sometimes the party of Thomas taught me that people will show me a little paradise of paradise .
And sometimes , some of them , they hate to sing for the magazine , and they would n't join the fray , not to conquer .
And because of that , all of the reasons I do n't usually go to it , but it 's a day .
And two - thirds of the boys were standing there , and she was a little bit of a fuss about , ♫ ♫ Sobule : ♫ I was inspired by the man who taught me that they were taught to follow the God .
And I said , " Do you follow me ? " " They said yes . "
And I grew up with a lot of people in the Pacific , and the people who come from the end of my wife know ? I 've been working with them , but I 'd never really learned that they 'd really really understand their assumptions or they said , " You know , I 'm just going to really learn the theory of their ideas or their dreams . ♫ Sweeney : So I think it 's very good . "
I asked them to sit , give them a year of water -- OK , I 've done it for a long time . I brought them down .
My hair 's hair , I know .
You ca n't let me look at my own life and hope I do n't get my hair .
Now , I 'm going to sit down and sit , and they put them up for a long time , where they said , " Do you believe that God is a TEDster ? "
And I said , " I certainly believe God , but you know ? I do n't like the word " Mommy , because God looks like a word , and I 'm not like to say " he 's got a good word because the God has gender .
But I did n't want to talk to those boys , so it was a very good time , and I said , " Yeah , yes , I feel God . "
They had to do it , and it was right ! And they said , " Do you believe that we are all brothers and sisters ? "
And I said , " Yes , I believe . " I feel so happy that I 'm really happy to answer the question .
They said , " We have a story for you . "
And then I gave me a guy who talks about Rachel Carson , who was John Locke .
Clearly , in the 6 year - olds , everyone is bad , evil is evil , and everybody , men , children , baby , the baby .
And God came to 280 , and he said to him , " Take your family , I 'll leave you out . " God really liberation .
They brought them to America .
I said , " American USA ? ' In the 16th century , from the Oval Office ? "
They said , " Yeah . "
And then they told the pianist and his offspring , the six - year - olds , and the 600 years later , they divided up two <unk> : every single one of them is good for everybody to do with each person , each everyone 's hostile to each other , everybody is not going to go to the wall .
And at the time , because of the evil man , the man died in the United States , and he loses the house for a second for a second .
They tell me that they are very , very good people , and they 're going to win with the chaos of the evil leaf .
But it 's clear that people put it into the bottom of the wall .
It 's called the Personal Genome Project , and he hid in the forest .
And he took this whole story to the language of Egypt in San Francisco and put it in the Rift Valley , and New York City .
I sat in the edge of the chair .
I said , " What 's the recipe ? "
They said , they become the American government .
And I said , " Do you believe that we are all the people who are evil in the United States ? "
And they told me that there was a guy named Joseph Smith , who was discovered at the end of his hand , and he found a piece of paper , but he was able to put it into a wall and then put his face out of the hill and put their faces into English .
At the time , I just wanted to give these two young people a little bit about their workers .
And I 'd like to say , " Do n't start with this story .
I mean , even though the science is beginning to do a role test , and then tell people what to talk about , the highest thing about the Milky Way Galaxy .
And they said , " Well , you believe God is through the prophet ♫ ♫ Do n't you ? I do n't believe , I 'm saying that , I 'm saying that .
Because the whole story of Improv Everywhere makes me angry , but the truth is : I do n't think it 's a story . And so I 'm going to ask you , " What 's the lead ? "
Anybody ? They might be female ?
And they said , " No way . I asked why ? They said : " Well , because God has given a cartoon of the woman 's gift , and the only one is the most beautiful , by the way , to the one , which is the only one .
So I 'm thinking , what 's the gift of the woman ?
Maybe it 's the ability to work better than men and reconciliation ?
Or women are longer longer than women , or women do n't have men , but they 're not a woman .
They said , " Women of women get pregnant . "
And I said , " Boy , take a minute . ♫ even though women start to get a child at 15 years , they have a baby assumed that they 're not going to go , and they 'll have time to listen to God .
Now , I do n't think they 're upright and cute , but they still continue to say that they were going to say it .
And also , we believe that even if you do n't even go to the principal , but you still keep the church and the damage , you can still enter the paradise , and you 're still going to get into the heaven , until the family remains .
And I said , " God , that 's not a good motivator .
They said : Do you know ? We believe that when you get to heaven , your body will come back to the original state .
For example : if you lose more than five , you get back to heaven .
Or if you 're blind , you get the vision of the vision .
And I said , " Well , a few years ago , because cancer was lost because I lost the uterus , if I got to the heaven , I would get me out of the womb ? They said yes .
And I said , I do n't want him back , and I 'm happy .
Oh my God , if someone did a nose and a bee who loved surgery ?
Will God put your nose up to the end ?
And then they gave me a book for me , and I asked me to read this book , but the company told me that they were going to go back to me and see , I thought , " No , no , do n't do it . ♫ Sweeney : Do n't go back .
And so this is the beginning of my mind that I think it 's more than two boys , and they 're just going to be in my normal faith , but the more it takes me .
If someone came up to my home , and I wanted to advertise the Aldo theory and the religious theory . They would say , " We believe God makes a young girl , but it 's a very important importance to the physician . "
It 's just my habit .
So I 'm not going to feel that there 's two boys .
But they asked me to ask me , " Did I really believe that the love of God 's love ? "
I 'm not sure I felt it felt .
But if they asked me questions : Can I feel God 's voice ?
It 's completely different . I think I 'm going to have an answer to a bachelor 's answer , yes , I 've always felt that I can feel that God 's love when I was injured , and I felt like , " I ca n't feel the love of God and feel like I could n't understand how tragic it was , while I had to do it , ♫ ♫ I would love to be able to see the gorgeous time at the moment .
But based on their problems , I think , if I believe that a certain kind of security , because I really do n't really know whether I believes I feel my feeling .
http://www.ted.com/talks/joshua_walters_on_being_just_crazy_enough.html
Symmetry , why are we going to see why we 're in a country , not the happy and happiness , to measure whether they 're successful , and he shows us the happiness of the global happiness industry , which is the state of happiness and resources and the resources ?
culture , data , economics , global issues , happiness , statistics , sports
<unk>
Nick Napoleoni : The global happiness
Martin Luther King takes a while when he was pushing the U.S.
And he said , " I have a dream . "
And I have a dream .
And my dream is that we do n't think that the future will be a blessing , and it 's a challenge for us , because , if you think about all the time , all of the rest of us are going to be catastrophic , almost every century 's position is catastrophic .
And I thought , " It 's a very scary movie to get people to see a movie .
And from a movie standpoint , it creates very beautiful , but it 's all about dead , everything is dead .
There 's only a couple of dollars trying to stay , and it 's walking .
And I also felt that the movement movement , which I 've been involved in , has been building this kind of thing .
In a long time , we 've taken a picture of what 's going on to describe what happens .
We keep focusing on the worst situation .
We keep focusing on the problem .
And we do n't have serious thinking about how to fix this problem .
You know , we use fear to attract people to play .
And any naively will tell you that it 's in the lives of life , and it 's the way you get to the ground .
This is when a ruminant feels a bit of fear , decided to be part of the battle or the biological system -- imagine a <unk> .
A little girl stopped a rug , ready to beat .
And I think this is exactly what we 're trying to do when we ask people to join our environment and change the climate change .
People stop , and they 're prepared because we 're using fear as tools .
I think the environment is supposed to grow , and start thinking about what we call what we mean .
How would it be to improve life ?
And I think one of the questions we 're facing , which is the people who manipulate the market : spend a lot of money to define progress , is in terms of economic terms , and they say , in some ways , it 's going to be the way that we make some appropriate projects , whether we let some sense of what they 're supposed to do , the GDP , or the economy , will be much better .
And this is from a certain point of view , not fear , rather than fear .
In fact , we have a lot of money in the West world .
Maybe some places in the world are not there , but we have a lot of it .
And we also know that this is not a good measure of a healthy country .
In fact , our designers , Simon Willis , said that in the ' 50s , " a state of happiness is not simply from the income of this country . "
But what we 're creating is a system that 's been built in the workforce and the manufacturing sector .
Indeed , maybe we might have a standard standard of performance .
In the ' 70s , we had to produce a lot of things .
Indeed , we used to make something that was successful , so we destroyed Europe 's large part of Europe , and then also needed to rebuild .
So our nation - based systems are just the calculations of what we can produce .
But originally , in 1968 , this guy , Robert Kennedy , who was the president of Robert Frost who had n't been successful at the very best of the United States .
And he ended up with his speech , and he said , " GDP measured all the stuff , no measure what makes life value . "
Is n't it absurd ? And what we measured is that the most important criteria we measure , the biggest standard of social progress , to measure what 's meaningful to life ?
And I believe that if you 're still alive today , he will ask us that these biscuits are going to society to find what makes life value .
He would ask us to redesign our national systems , let 's build it in these important things , like social justice and justice , and the happiness , and the happiness .
And in fact , they 're all beginning to ask questions all over the world .
This is a global study .
It asked people what they wanted .
In contrast , people say they 're going to be happiness and happiness , and their own family , their families , they are happy , happy and happy .
Well , they thought money was a little bit important .
And this is true , but it 's a very trivial amount of happiness to love the love of love .
We all need love to love and love .
The money is relatively trivial .
We all want health care .
These are all about human cravings .
Why does Rubik does n't measure these things ?
Why do n't we think about how the progress of the state 's progress is not just computation ?
Indeed , this is what I 've been working on -- which is thinking about how we measure happiness and happiness , how to measure the balance and the confusion , and how do we do that .
In places where I went to work , the new economics Foundation , we asked a world that we call happiness , because we think people should be happy to happiness .
Why do n't we build a model of progress ?
And what we 're doing is that we make the final estimate of a country where it can be a good success for happiness and healthy lives .
It should be the notion of every country in the world .
But we have to remember that it has the most basic element , and that 's how we use the Earth 's resources .
We have one planet , we all need to share it .
And this is a planet that we shared with our ultimate patch .
The economics of economics is very interested .
When it has a very low - powered resource , it 's going to take it into a sloped consequence .
It will contemplate what we need to pay for our money .
And the standard activation is to measure how much the planet is going to go through how happy it is .
It 's a standard standard stimulus .
Maybe the most easy approach is to look at this picture .
And this graph is called Eco - Zarqawi , " This is a measure of how much information we use to use , how we take the Earth .
The puzzle is bad .
Narrator : It 's a criteria called " Happiness of Happiness . "
This is a criteria of national happiness .
It 's a lifetime of life - based cycles of happiness .
It 's the quality of all countries .
That 's the average of the world .
Now there are many countries around the world .
And in the corner of this graph , there are a couple of other countries that give you a good country , but the price is a lot of resources .
There are also some U.S. countries in the United States , and there are a couple of different countries on the Western world .
Instead , the lower left corner of this graph is the countries that do n't offer -- the classic thing is Africa 's sub - Saharan Africa .
With Thomas Dolby on Thomas Friedman , the life is very short .
In many countries , it 's 40 years old .
malaria , HIV wins a lot of life .
Let 's give you a little bit of good news .
And some of the countries in this country , those yellow boxes , do better than the global , moving on this picture .
This is a picture of inspiration .
We 're going to get up to the bottom of the graph , and there 's good life that does n't move much resources .
Those are Latin American countries .
The countries on the top are one where I do n't have to go .
Some of you might be there .
blindfolded .
It 's about 19 years of bonus life .
That 's the American lives .
And according to the latest Gallup Poll , they are the happiest countries on the planet -- they 're happier than anybody , or Denmark and Denmark .
They are the happiest places .
But they only use one quarter of the world 's resources , including a quarter - free resource .
So what 's going on ?
What 's different ?
We can look at some data .
They 're 99 percent from 2020 .
Their government was one of the first promises of self - ferment and a government of government .
They were buried in 1949 , 1949 .
They invest in social programs and health and education .
They have in Latin America and in the world .
And they have this right grain , right ?
They have social networking .
And the challenge of this is that maybe we probably have to think about what we 're thinking about -- the example of our future , maybe not the North Pacific .
Maybe the U.S. government .
And the real challenge is to take the global record to this .
So that 's what we do .
And if we 're going to do this , we need to put it in the bottom of the base , and we have to take the right place on the left .
So we 're starting to build a planet with happiness .
This is a approach to looking at this .
Another way of looking at this happiness is to look at the history of history .
We do n't have a good data to go back to every country in the world , but we have some of the largest countries in our world .
And this is the historic trend of the time , which is a small improvement , but it 's the globalization of globalization .
So from the end of the Earth 's world , we 're going to transfer rare amounts of resources into what we want to do , and the efficiency is very inefficient .
And the upshot of this is , I think , maybe every single person in this room wants us to get our society to 2050 , not going to be a certain position .
It 's not very far from us .
It 's just half the bonus .
Now , a kid is going to school in 2050 , which is the age of 2050 .
It 's not a remote future .
So this is based on the target of carbon dioxide and greenhouse gasses to make images .
And I 'm talking to you , it 's not an oxymoron .
That means we have to change things .
It means that we have to change the way we create organizations , the ways of making things .
And the upshot of that is that we have to move high - life happiness .
There is no person who goes to polls and say life would be going down .
I believe that no one will want to stop progress .
I think we all want it to continue .
I think we all want humans to be better .
And I think this is exactly why it 's about climate change and no circumstances .
I think that 's what they 're going to do , they keep going on .
They need to get all of their stuff .
And if we want to put them in , those are what we need to do .
It means that we really need to go further and improve our efficiency .
It 's a little bit of a graph or something like this , but the point is we 're going to take those curves upside down .
This is the place that I think we should be able to learn to work with systems and systems , and they make feedback , right at the right time .
It 's easy to get people to see things like immediately .
So , for example , you put a smart movement in home , when you see the connection shows you 're using how much electricity you are using , your kids are going to get the light off the lights .
What does this mean in society ?
Why ? I all heard of London in London , and the Gothic industries , the U.S. industrial industry -- I do n't know if the dollars are good for coffee for the fruit ward .
Why should we hear this ?
Why did n't I not hear the British energy yesterday , or the U.S. yesterday ?
Are we going to reduce the annual impact of the past three years ?
This is a approach to a common goal .
You send it to the media and start thinking .
And we need to have positive feedback dynamics to improve happiness , and in government , they can build the joy of happiness .
In business , you can look at whether your employees are not , and we know that this is the direct act of creativity , which is to encourage innovation for innovation .
And from individuals , we need these symbols .
Maybe we do n't just need these data , but we need to warn .
In England , we have a very strong idea of the mass of public health , every day , eat fruit and vegetables , and we 're going to do how much it is -- I 'm not good at it .
What are we going to do with happiness ?
Do n't you ? Do we do it every day ?
A few years ago , we did a project for government technology , a big project called " The Personal Project -- lots of people -- a lot of experts -- all the way -- and it 's all there .
And the part of what we do is : what can you do a good job for your life ?
And the upshot of this is that they 're not just saying that the secret to happiness , but I think happiness is going to arise from these positive actions .
The first thing is : Contrary to people , it 's the most important building you have in your life .
Do you spend your time spent on the amount of time you 're passionate about ?
You have to build and maintain these relationships .
The second is : keep active .
And the fastest way to get rid of the bad way is : walk out , you go out and turn the radio to the dance .
To keep active balance , it 's really help .
Number three : care around around .
Do you care about what 's happening in the world , and you notice that it 's going to be the place that you 're looking at ?
Do you notice anything you have in charge ?
According to a lot of studies , the sense of efficacy , behavior psychology , is a powerful influence for us .
Man : It 's very important to learn . It 's important -- it 's a very important time -- it 's a long time .
Working for the old people , they have curiosity , and their health care better than those people .
But it does n't need to be fooled ; it 's not just learning knowledge .
But more importantly , curiosity .
And this could be a silver lining , and it 's really forgotten that the instrument of a coin is forgotten .
Stay in .
And finally , the most impossible thing is that the economics of economics is : giving and giving .
Our generosity , the sympathy , our compassion , is that we 're born with the incentives of our heads and our head .
When we give you a sense of what we 're presenting .
You can do a experiment , and you can give two and a half dollars a month .
You give them a group of money to spend their money and put it on other people .
At the end of the day , you would examine their happiness , and they spent money on other people to spend a lot more than anyone else .
We took this five way into the adhesive , and I said , " That 's not the resource of the Earth .
Because they do n't have carbon .
They do n't have to do a lot of stuff .
So I want it to be possible , and it does n't need to hurt the Earth .
Martin Luther King was a good talk for his father .
He said , " I know that the road is challenging , maybe , but I do n't really fear , I ca n't worry .
I 've been to the hills , and I 've seen it . "
He 's a butterfly missionary , but I believe that the movement movement , actually , is a government , and the government needs to go to the mountain , they all need to be a little bit of a future , or they need a way of looking at the future of the world , whether it needs a world that we all want .
So , instead of that , we need to create a change to get there , and we also need a lot of good stuff in this path .
Human beings wanted to do it .
Use these five actions to happiness .
We also need to be able to send people to people , and tell them something about happiness .
So , I believe we can build a world that we all want , and we do n't need to go beyond the world of consumption .
http://www.ted.com/talks/yossi_vardi_fights_local_warming.html
In India , San Francisco was diagnosed with cancer in 2008 , and she said a story about her story . Her story was not just a disease , but it was the dance of dance ; she showed the audience to help her to heal the cancer , including the heroes of India .
cancer , birds , music , performance , personal growth , storytelling
<unk>
Christopher Sweeney : Using dance to heal cancer
Narrator : There 's a lot of Indians in India that we 've been learning about India .
When I was four years old , it was a song sitting on my mom .
And that year , she led me into the dance of dance , and it was the beginning of the dawn of India .
And from that time , there 's been 40 years since now -- I 'm talking to the best dancers of the world , teaching young dancers and elderly dance dance , to create , and I led to a crinkle - up , collaborative , <unk> , with my art , making it and Carmack .
2007 , I won the title of the year , and I got the fourth grade of India that was inspired by India , the Red Brigades .
But anything is going to happen to me is to get me to the next seven months , the 27th of September , in 2008 .
I learned a word called " Frost . "
cancer was breast cancer .
I 'm sitting in a doctor 's office , and I heard some words " cancers " -- " ' Inconvenient " in ' ' 60s . "
At the time , cancers were about 13 million dollars , and I was a friend of my friend ' rollers , " I 'm at the beginning of the school . "
And that day , I realized that I had a very popular , <unk> , new partner .
And as a romance , I know that nine - year - olds , angry , courageous , drunk and depressed .
I think I know what fear is .
And that day , what I learned was fear .
After all , everything was completely missing , and a lot of them would be broken and asked me a lot about my husband .
I said , " What 's the end of my life ? Do n't I ? "
Is this my dance end ?
But he , his optimistic soul , says , " No , this is just a tunnel , and you 're going to go back to what you 're good at .
And I came up with my own life , and I just had to control three things , but I was just controlling my mind , my emotional vision -- the vision of the imagination and the action of these ideas .
So now I 'm entranced by a emotional obstacle , and I think that the ideas of what the implications of you are .
And I 'd like to get here from what I think I 'm thinking about now , is to get to the goal of doing this .
I need a power to get me out of pain .
So I went out and I renamed the world .
And I said , " Well , cancers are just a page of my life , and I wo n't let this page the rest of my life .
And I 'm going to show you the world , and I would n't let me get cancer to take me back .
But I have to get into my mind , and I need something to do .
And I need a kind of point of view , a visual billboard , and I can start out there .
And I found that it was my dance , and my power , my energy , I had my life breathing .
It 's not easy .
Believe me , it 's not easy .
You 're going to keep the magic in the beautiful days of beauty , in three days .
Do you want to get the despair of despair in your body and it 's filled with a blade of wood like this , and the headrest is going to jump around for three hours ?
You know , you 're not going to get a ticket , because the pain and the despair .
What I 'd like to do is cry .
But I always told myself that the choice of choice was not my choice .
So <unk> took me into my dance room , and my body , thoughts and soul , every day I learned all of the things I 've learned , all the stuff I had learned when I was going to go back to my new work , the new organization , from new organizing organizations .
It 's very painful , but I finished .
Girl 5 : Not difficult .
I focused on my head to focus on the workforce of my dance and the philosophy of odorous and poetic philosophy .
And slowly , I fell out of my head .
But I need something else .
I needed to increase my journey , and I found it in a picture of four and a half years .
Here 's a picture of God .
Ernest Seung on India is created by India
And the idea of the Patriot attraction was a beautiful arm , and her 18 fingers were ready to stay in the workforce , and she was going to be able to get to the destruction of the genocide .
Jacqueline Novogratz makes a symbol of power or a female power
Roger Savage .
And I came up with the images and the properties of all the characteristics that she had , and I had the image of the imagination .
Underneath her mysterious symbol , with my passion for training , I 'm like a laser focused on my dance - cutter focus , and I jumped for a couple of weeks after the surgical exam .
And I was also dancing at chemotherapy and the treatment , and my doctors were greeted .
I dance at the time of chemotherapy and firewalls , and I said , let 's take my dance cycle .
And what I did was I took my dance attention to my dancing .
Yes , cancer is a page of my life .
And my story is to overcome the story of being overcome and challenging .
My story is power .
My story is choice .
It 's the power of focus .
And this is a force that allows us to look at where we live , and we 've been able to do something that we can live with .
My story is an appointment .
It 's the power of images .
And my image is called the Personal Genome Act .
She 's called the Personal Buy .
In the process of Maine , I took my own inner power , my internal <unk> , and I assure myself that I was going to treat the war and my war , which I had to do with cancer , but I wanted to be able to get rid of the city of cancer .
I 'm going to show you a little bit of my dance . "
http://www.ted.com/talks/tim_berners_lee_the_year_open_data_went_worldwide.html
20 years ago : Lee Berners - Lee invented the World Wide Web , and in his next project he 's building a open - source , making a lot of <unk> , photography , video and video -- releasing our data , re - engineer us .
business , communication , design , invention , technology , web
<unk>
Sunitha Hirshberg on the next generation of Internet
<unk>
About 20 years ago , when I wanted to reframe information , I invented the World Wide Web .
In 20 years , now , in TED I asked you to make new elements .
Back in 1700 , I was advised by using a global coalition system .
It 's almost impossible to use it .
However , 18 months later -- innovation is so much like this , the boss said , " I can do this with a game of game , and take it to our new computer .
He gave a book to write code to write letters .
And I took the next step , and what I would like to do is look a little bit like a piece of paper -- the idea of thinking about the ideas -- things like this .
I did the code and publish it .
Why do I do this ?
This is a process of love .
I felt very much -- because I was a software engineer , a lot of the high - tech labs in the world , so many people coming up here .
They 're different computers .
It 's different from the printing world .
So , this is a big amount of money , if I wanted to build a little bit of this , and I 'm going to find some data , I have to connect some new kinds of machines to work out and find a new kind of program , so I can find some information in a new way .
These are all meaningless .
It 's very frustrating .
The implication of this is that it shows the potential of the project .
In fact , these are archival tags .
So if you just put them in the middle of the air , part of a computer simulator , the Internet is very simple .
So , once you have this idea , even though people do n't read your preferences , because he died because it died after he die , in his lexicon .
He wrote him in the corner and said , " No , it 's exciting . "
But the general thing is , it 's hard to tell you about what the Web is .
Now it 's a hard time to tell people , more than that .
But -- yeah , when TED started , there was no network , so it felt like a different kind of thing .
And I 'm now going to show someone a whole series of traps , a page that contains links , and we click on a link and put it into one of the other sets of pages .
Pretty impressive .
We 've seen that , through Baghdad , find the contents of the CD - Prince .
Partly the hard thing to imagine is , imagine that the links can be able to look at anything you can imagine .
Okay , it 's a mess for people .
And yet , some people do it .
It 's hard to explain , but it 's a continuum .
That 's where it 's fun .
And the most exciting thing is not technology , it 's not just what people do , but the actual communication , all the ideas , send email to email .
This is what happened .
Do you know what ? Well , it 's fun .
And I asked each person , and they were even upright and I said , " Can you put your legs on the network ? "
And then you do it .
Thank you .
It 's been a long time , right ?
I mean , it 's been very interesting because we 've found what 's going on on the Web , and the Internet looks at us .
Now it turns out that much more than the first design of design that we think is just just to put it together in our first time .
Now I want you to put your data out online .
It 's a huge release .
And there 's a big amount of money , because we get data from the Internet , not the data .
What 's the difference ? What difference between data and data ?
It 's something you read .
It 's more or less , you 're reading , and you can track their links .
Digital -- you can use a computer with data .
Anybody here or other places like Hans Russell 's talk ?
A great -- many people have seen -- a great TED talk .
Hans Rosling shows different colors , different countries , and he 's shown in a line , but he uses animation to show the baby death .
And he took this talk to a talk , and this speech was slowed down a lot of people .
He showed a slide like this .
The data was covered by the landing , and the data is these brown , boring , high - pitched boxes , right ?
Because , you ca n't use data , but in fact , data drives our lives because some people use the data and do something .
In this case , Hans Rosling is going to put data in the U.S. and find various data and things .
And he took this data together and put them together more than the raw data , and then it took the data to put it in this software and I thought it was the end of his son .
And finally , Hans said , " Look , there 's a lot of data . "
I 'm very happy to see that yesterday , he 's still making a big difference , " There 's a lot of data . "
Now what I want you to do is not just just two pieces of connections , or as he said , like , you know , it 's about six data , but anyone in the world is going to be able to put the data and put it on the Web , and they call them connections .
This technology is self - similarity , it 's very simple .
And if you want to put something in the network , three rules are the rules , you need to have the names of these things , and we do n't have to use the stuff that we 're talking about .
We 're in the context of the character , where we do it .
And all of a sudden , everything is going on now is a name company .
And the second number of rules , if I have a name , and then I 'm going to go through the network and I put it on the Internet , I 'll get a little bit of a standard piece of data from the Web , which may be a kind of high - tech data that maybe people want to understand a thing or practice .
And the situation was , who was the person who had all the information ?
So , the second part of the rules is that I lost the most important data .
And the rule of the rules is , I get information that 's not just somebody 's mass , weight and the weight , and the data .
The data is connected .
Very interesting . Data is connected .
This guy was born in Berlin , Berlin .
When the data is connected , regardless of the same thing , it 's a relationship between the other , and the thing is that it 's called a song .
So , I could go straight to it .
For example , it 's one of the people who -- he was born in urban cities , the city of town , urban towns and so forth .
So I can look at these information .
And that 's true .
That 's connection .
And I used to give it a long time ago in a paper called " organizing data , " and some things started going on .
The idea of connection is like we 've got a lot of things like Hans Rosling , which is a lot of things that we 've got on the box .
It gives us a lot of plants .
It 's not just a plant supply supply system for every plant , regardless of what it looks like , a analysis , and some people see the pattern of data , they 're all looking at all of the data and they can connect a lot of things that are really important , but that data is more value .
So , connection .
<unk>
Soon , from a year from Berlin University , Chris Dolby does the first thing for people to put interesting things together , and he noticed that Wikipedia was a lot of fun .
In these Rovers , there are little craters and boxes .
In many ways , it 's data .
And he wrote a program to take data from Wikipedia , and then put it in the network of connecting data , which is called the Web .
And the top slide in the middle of this slide is that if you 're looking for Berlin , you 'll find the other data , and they have the information information , and they 're connected together .
So , if you want to go from scratch , you 're going to end up with the data , and you end up with the other content .
The exciting thing is that it 's growing .
And this is what 's happening , right ?
Let 's think about data .
And the data is actually coming from a lot of different forms , thinking about the diversity of networks , and the very important network allows you to put your data on .
Think about data , I 'd like to say all kinds of data .
We can say that government data is really important , and the data data , the number of data inputs , are about the statistics of dialogue and news and all kinds of things .
And I just mentioned a small number of data , and you can see it 's diversity , so you can see the potential .
Let 's go from government data .
Let 's go from government data to the U.S. data data , which is used in the Internet .
The U.S. government data will be used in a way that is used to the Internet .
It 's very important , is n't it ?
But it 's not just for the money that the government is so important to government , which is very important from governments to think about how much relationships are in the U.S.
It really matters . It 's valuable .
I could use it in my company .
I could use it as a kid in my homework .
So , what we 're talking about is that we make the world a better place to make these data useful .
In fact , if you 're responsible for a lot of the data about government , you often find that some people are going to find a little bit of that , they 're going to be called a database of what 's called the database
You admire your database , you do n't get it out until you build a beautiful site .
Well , what I 'd like to suggest is , besides building a beautiful site , it 's a wonderful website , and I do n't say no to build a very nice site .
It 's a beautiful site , first of all , to give us pure data .
We need it to be pure data .
Okay , now we have to ask the data .
I want you to practice , OK ?
Say , " primitive . "
Gorgeous primitive .
Say , " data . "
Data .
Come speaking .
Now right now .
Okay , data now !
Data now !
It 's a very important thing , because you do n't know how many people have data , and you ca n't do it for you , or even if you 're a member of a nerd .
It 's not only in America , all the world .
It 's not just government , of course .
I want to talk about other ideas about data .
In TED , we 've been focusing on a big problem about human society and cancer treatments , and Nike therapy , understanding the economics of the economy .
Those of those who are trying to solve these problems , they 're not mature with ideas , and they try to communicate on the Web .
But what 's happening is a lot of human knowledge is now in the database , and in fact , they 're actually not actually shared sharing .
In fact , I 'm looking at it from a phenomenon -- if you 're studying the disease , the example is that it 's a lot of connection , and this area has a very , very good piece of information , because the scientists realize that connection is a good way to get to the data , but they can help them get out of this data because they 're building these data in a database .
Now , they 're going to go into the form of protein data data , and they can ask the questions , maybe you wo n't ask me , but they will not ask .
What is protein involved , and it 's also associated with the digital neurons ?
And you put it on Google searches .
The natural pages did n't answer the answer because nobody asked this question before .
You get a number of results , but you do n't have one .
But there 's no one you 're looking at -- now they 've been put together 32 units , and every one of the results is connected to the characteristics and you can see it .
To make a scientist , ask all the questions that the problem is , it 's a real C - century problem .
It 's very , very important .
The scientists were completely gunned down , because the other scientists had brought up the data , and it was valuable to get rid of the problem .
Now , if I keep up like this , you do n't have a relationship with you .
But it does n't work .
In fact , data about our lives .
You just crossed your social network and your favorite one , and you say , " This is my friend . "
Overreaction ! Overreaction , data .
You say , " This is the interior of this guy . That 's the ring . It 's data . Data , data .
And every time you do what you 're doing in social networks , the social network in the network , and use it to design the data for the rest of the site .
But , when you go to the other one , assuming you have an airline website , and you say , " I want to put this picture for that guy , but you ca n't get the wall .
And economists wrote a article about this article , and many people said a lot about it .
And the way to break the Band - Aid is to do that in these social networks .
We need to do this with connection .
The last one I 'm going to talk about , maybe the most exciting .
And before I go through this , I found a map , and it was an impostor .
It 's a kind of a cathedral , this is a theater -- it 's where we live -- San Francisco , California , it does n't have names .
So I could go into the editor and choose the theater , and I put it on the bottom , and then it ruins it , and then it ruins it .
Now you go to bed and you find this place , you 'll find it 's a name .
This is what I did .
I was on the map , and I did it .
I taped it there . Hey , you know what ?
And if I do that , every one of them is going to be an unbelievable resource on this map , because everybody has done it .
That 's connection .
And everybody does a little bit of a piece of content , and then they connect them .
And the connection is this .
You do something , everybody does something .
And maybe your data is just very small , but you know you need it .
We 've been doing it .
The connection is very large .
I can tell you that it 's a very small amount of work , and every aspect of our lives and the joy of the data , regardless of how important the data is .
When you compare data to the data , you can lose energy from the Web or the Rover .
You can get a tremendous amount of energy .
Now we 're at a stage where we have to do it -- those who think it 's a great idea .
And all of us -- I think most of you do things in TED , and they do n't have to make it happen for the rest of the time , because it 's only when everyone is doing it .
Okay , so that 's the connection .
I hope you 're involved .
I hope you need it .
I also think this is worth spreading .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sirena_huang_dazzles_on_violin.html
" The writer " -- Dan Dennett , for us to rethink why we do n't have compassion .
brain , community , morality , psychology
200
Daniel Schwartz dives on compassion
One of the TED themes is compassion , which led me to touch , and we 've been listening to these moving talks : like this last night , in Africa , Bill Clinton .
And I 'd like to talk about some of the ideas of compassion , and I 'm talking to the individual level of personal level .
I 'm a psychologist , but I 'm not going to talk about the rules .
Ten years ago , a very important study in Princeton University , and explains why we have a lot of opportunities to get in the way that we 're so many of the opportunities , we ca n't do it .
And from Princeton University , the student 's students were told that they were going to take a long - time job and ran a theme of a meal .
Half the teacher 's theme is about the story of the bad people , and the stories that have to help a stranger in the road helping help help .
And the other half - year - old is the story of random .
They were told that they were going to go to the other building .
And in the way they go to the building building , every one of them has been a little bit of the people who have the choice , and the guy needs help .
What 's interesting about this is : if their theme is about the story of the bad people , there 's a influence on their behavior ? Well , it 's not affected .
Do you decide whether it 's going to go back to help that have a stranger that needs to be totally dependent on their own thoughts , or they 're getting their hands to talk about the content they 're supposed to talk about .
And that , I think , is our life : we do n't always have to help other people , because our attention appears .
Steven Davenhall : The social neuroscience
And what 's circled is the Deskbar , which activates the process .
A new idea of compassion and ideas of social neuroscience .
That means , if we 're going to keep ourselves down , we go to compassion .
Successions of new neurons , the mirror neuron , is kind of like nerve - sensitive technology , which activates the same area in the brain , and we 're bouncing closer to each other .
And if that person needs to help , if he 's paying control , we 're not going to get him to help him .
And the question is : Why do we do it ?
And I think there 's an area from a completely reasonable distance to notice each other , and then finally compassion , finally , compassion .
And the simple truth is , if we look at ourselves , we do n't have a lot of attention , and we 're actually not noticing the other .
It might be very tiny to work with other people .
And I was spent a day , and when I got to track my license , I took the check of the car Foundation and I noticed my ideas -- my friend Larry Page had to put a lot of money on the pedal .
And so I realized that I had given it a little bit -- I feel happy about myself .
So I started thinking about people in the Himalayas , who would get their eggs , and I realized I came from this kind of point of happiness and a happy happiness , which I thought was a force .
But focusing on self - concern is what I encourage you to look at .
You can understand the height of the date .
And the first time I went to a bed school , I heard two women talking about one of the daughters who talked about a brother , and this woman said , " My brother is looking for a choice , so he 's trying to see if you 're looking at a mate ? "
Ladies and gentlemen , men came out of the table and they had a clock and a group , and every five minutes , it was time to follow , the woman would decide whether they were going to take it or sell the ads or the email or email address to the next few minutes . And I know why , " My brother never had to do this . "
And every time he sat down , he starts reading his situation , and he never asked each other . "
And I did some research on Sunday Times in Times Magazine , and some of the stories of romance , because they were so interesting to find the marriage of John Friedman , who said , when she was at date , she said she would give a test .
And the test is : How long happens when they 're doing this ?
In fact , Mr. Heifetz was the following , so it had this story .
This is a very small test , and I encourage you to try and try it in a party .
There 's a lot of opportunities in TED .
The title of Harvard recently has reported " The Battle of Science , " and what 's going on is how to work with other people , and they call you the most basic thing that you 're going to do is to turn the headrest and shut it down and down to the other .
There 's a scheme in English that 's used by the side of our talk , and the people who are talking to us suddenly slow the Band - Aid .
This word is called " Frost . "
And I think it 's appropriate . It 's our empathy card and the continuation of our society .
Leibniz , the experts who studied the fear of fear , who owns this Rover , he had the case of the book , and he was trained to be trained by the Personal Genome Project , but he wanted to get a little impact on him .
Anyway , I was in a little bit of a book called " Autumn , " and the book of writing a book about a movable book .
This guy has been brought us a few years ago , and he was the dawn of the celebrities .
When he was arrested , he killed his family , his mother and his shoulder at La Gogh .
So I interviewed this individual , interviewing this poster , and when he met him , he realized that this guy was really <unk> .
On one hand , he has nearly seven feet tall .
But that 's not the most horrifying .
And the most scary thing is he 's approaching 160 , a absolute genius .
But the object of intelligence and emotion , which means that it 's a sense of efficacy .
They 're controlling by a different part of the brain .
So , one of the other things , the Jill asks him to ask a question about the answer , which is : How do you do this ?
Do you have a little compassion ?
And all of these are chaos , and he lost them .
And this is very clear , and it said , " Oh , no . If I think pain , I wo n't do it .
I do n't get to thinking about this . I 'm not going to think about this . "
And I think it 's pretty appealing .
We 're focusing on where we are , and we 're not going to focus on ourselves .
Think of the scene of a shopping game , imagine compassion consumption .
Now , as Bill Clinton pointed out , we 've bought and used objects that have potential .
We are constantly unaware .
We do n't notice , and we have n't noticed that we 're not noticing the carpet or the chairs , and the toxic molecules of this .
Or we do n't know that dengue is technology or manufacturing , and it can be used to be anti - sufficient , or being killed by the wind , but , in other words , we fundraised the ecological , the public health and the social health system .
In a sense , the room itself is called " The Inconvenient Grab , " but the problem is that we do n't see it , but we 're not seeing it . So we have the victims of our inheritance .
Jonathan Drori on the table , " The Purpose - Driven Life "
What I 'm talking about is a story of a T - shirt story .
And the idea is that it 's going to be the consequence of the mangrove industry , and the consequences of a soil , which is very hard to say , like , for example , the altar are very difficult , about 60 percent .
Eighty - five percent of them know that the children of children who live in the countryside are very high .
There 's a company , an anti - op , responsible company to support the site . The Cromwell secret -- and they , because their critics know it 's going to be used in China , they can make sure that this is something that is appropriate to go to the right time .
Now , we do n't have the ability to choose the power of a moral shirt instead of choice , and it does n't choose any other way . How does it do that ?
Well , I 've been thinking about this , and there 's a new piece of technology that allows you to understand the whole history of the building in the original place .
You can track it as if you go to the factory , you can see that it 's going to make the process , and you know whether it is a moral conceit , that if it does n't get a rope , if they do n't realize that there 's a piece of morality , it allows you to put your hand into a website and put you on a site .
Anybody are flashing .
This is the site that tells you about objective objects .
And that means , you know , we can make a choice of compassion .
In the information revolution , there is a verb that everyone knows everything .
And the question is : What 's different ?
And I was working on " The New York Times , " which was the ' 80s , and I wrote a article about a new question -- in the streets of Silicon Valley .
I spent a lot of time working with a leader of a tennis Catholic Service , and I realized that these homeless people were mostly the majority of the people who were doing it . They had 35,000 answers . And they had the same conclusion that we were in the city , which is the person who we looked at .
We did n't notice , we do n't have the dark side .
And after that day , this was a Friday , and then after , I was walking on the subway at the University of Michigan , who was at the University of Alabama .
And suddenly , as I walked down , I noticed that there was a person climbing up the headrest , and the emperor of wood , people from him to cross thousands of people across him .
Because I have the case of the city of " City , " and I stopped thinking about what the problem is .
I was going to be able to get people to look at it .
And what we found was that he did n't say English , he was n't saying that English was in the street , and he got out of the street and eventually eventually ended up .
Some people came up and bought the car , and somebody got the subway and they brought a subway police .
In part , this person goes down .
It 's just impossible to notice . So I 'm optimistic .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/robert_full_on_engineering_and_evolution.html
Richard Branson urges TED to TED , Chris Anderson on her own career , from a mutilated glove , and the story explains his motivations .
aircraft , business , entertainment , entrepreneur , global issues , sports , music , space , technology
<unk>
Richard Branson : Three - meter of life
Chris Anderson : Welcome to TED .
Richard Branson : Thank you very much . The first time at TED University is successful .
SS : What did you get ?
Todd : Now , TED is a great one , and it 's a very interesting one .
And I 'm happy to see it , because I have to get to her .
It was about two years ago , I was lucky to work on her , but she had a big <unk> , and I 'm wearing my own hand .
And night I went home and I met my wife , and she wanted to know why I had another woman and a woman who was so strong .
And no matter what , day day , we have to go to the next day and put it out .
So , sorry . Sorry .
SS : That 's interesting .
Now we 've put a lot of slides on your company .
You just had a little bit .
This is the winner , and I heard that it 's all about a magazine called " The Graduate " from " Design . "
And then we developed everything . I want to ask you , how did you do it ?
Todd : I read TED Prize -- and said not to talk about business , and now you asked me to ask me .
If I said , you should n't put me down because you ask me .
Interviewer : So that 's going to be you guys .
SK : No , no , I mean , if you could open a company , you can drive any company .
I mean , the key thing is to find the right people to inspire them , to know , is the best advantage they play .
And I 'm really happy about learning , and it 's very good to know what I really like to understand .
So life is a process of learning .
You know , if I was sitting in the blink of somebody else 's flights , it was -- the 21 years ago -- I thought , I 'd like to create a way to make a decision with the BBC in the spring .
And then I bought a ski score , and I got a ticket .
AK : And it 's a trick that you can do with your permission , and you think you 're going to do it .
And in fact , it 's almost impossible to actually lose you .
One time I talk to a banker banker , and then , you know , when you 've been a little bit of a bike - reviewed bike , the bankers thinks that the world is going to be the fourth of the World Trade Center to change just 25 -- you 're certainly the brain .
Why do you do that ?
SS : And I think it 's not just the only time I think .
And it turns out that companies do n't have any money to get you to lose , and you might be lost .
We were imprisoned in the U.K.
They wanted us to convince them that they were called " Rain . "
At the time , I realized that my allies would probably go down to me .
In order to keep it on the workforce , I had to sell the shots of the Kindle , and I got to sell the shots .
AK : The original time , it was a genius of genius .
Todd : Yeah , it 's a really bad time .
But it was sad , but we did n't have it .
Narrator : Now , your sponsor of branding is a whole lot of different kinds of things that you have in your own enterprise system .
What is the recipe for you in your mind ?
SS : And I think it 's the quality of quality to know , if someone is looking at a company , they 're going to -- ♫ Sobule : Oprah is a quality , Richard , the mental status ?
SK : No , I 'll talk about it .
We work with a long time , and I think it 's a really bad job to be rewarding .
We , as I said , is vibrating by other industries , and I think , you know , what we 're doing is that our approach is really different , because the industry is going to change their market .
SS : I mean , you do n't have a company in progress .
For example , what 's the point of doing this ?
Todd : We 're not going to get the customers out of the road .
Announcer : I 'm curious about it -- I 've got you to miss the opportunity to go to the business industry -- you 'd call it a kiss .
And I said , " Do n't you stick it up to the bed nets ? "
Will this product cost - to - the - cob - like ratio ?
SK : Again , that 's what we 're going to do .
I mean , we 've been able to clap at the age of a customer , and it 's a prestige complain .
But instead of doing three months later , we received a letter , and I sat down to write a long letter and wrote a very good letter to the top of the woman .
But obviously , I do n't have to do what I do n't do .
And the problem is that , after nine months , I received a very pleasant article , and I got a picture of a baby who asked me if I wanted to do a baby , and I said to you , I 'd like to say to be a kid .
So things work very well .
SS : Really ? You should really get a picture . That 's great .
SK : I 'm supposed to take photographs .
SS : Let 's take a snapshot of the wall .
Is this numbers ?
How big is the team ?
How much deal ?
SS : That 's about 250 million .
SS : How many people ?
SS : Five million people .
SS : In different situations , you 're not thinking of it as a kind of a mess .
And this is what happens ? Really ?
Todd : Yeah . We 've got a giant rig in Los Angeles .
No , I think it 's your hair 's hair ?
SS : No .
JA : So what 's going on here ?
Trade is against tea .
Repairman : Okay .
Dave : That 's interesting . The fun <unk> : ♫ Oh , yeah -- we 're in the TED Prize .
It wo n't be -- you can stay in a second for a second ?
RB : And it 's really cool , right ?
JA : Exactly .
I had the first time when I was in America , and they had a little bit of a kind of very strange man and this .
SK : Yeah , my lawyer told me that it 's going to do it , but -- you know , ♫ ♫ Sobule : Oprah : ♫ We put it out of the bow , and we did the wrong thing to recline , we 'd put a ticket , which is a little bit of cake .
But the question is , is that it 's going down and down , but -- Dave -- is the design of the Oprah industry ?
particles : Yes .
SS : So we 'll look at a couple of slides , Houston . Very good .
Okay , this one . I guess it 's a trick ?
Todd : Yes , 25 years ago we had to draw the Rover " Battle , " and I would n't have been able to get a promotion for that , including John Friedman .
She 's not really bad , and I think .
SS : Six , and you get a reward .
You like to be named Jack ?
Todd : No one was supposed to be me .
Some journeyed to the U.S.
Just one one .
Repairman : Okay , well , your chair can give you any good , or just ...
Todd : No , I guess when you 're hard , you have trouble trouble with the trouble .
AK : You know , it 's not Richard Frost , Richard Branson .
SS : I 'm going to make my mustache 's name .
JA : Okay , look at the space .
And I think there 's a video , you can tell us that you 're going to get rid of the river and put it on the universe .
Is it the airplane of design design ?
SK : Yeah , it 's about 12 months , and then we 'll get to the next high - end high height of the freeway .
It would be 24 months old , and people would be able to recover .
SS : So what was the recipe for this ?
Narrator : It 's a very , very part of design design , and he 's designed , right now , he 's building the building center .
He 's basically an eye - shaped center , and so , in space , you 'll see a cup looking at you .
PH : You 'll go back to this one .
He 's designed for it .
SS : But you did n't make it the engine ?
SS : There are a lot of Legos , so I think it 's not a design engine .
AK : Just two days ago , let me talk about it .
Todd : Really . No , no , he 's a -- ♫ Sobule : Somebody feels pretty weird .
But I 'm really happy about it .
SS : He 's a great one , and I 'm very passionate about it . I 'm very excited .
TK : Well , you 're looking at the idea of California .
Do you mind ?
SK : There 's all this happening
I mean , we had the old day , the boat , and so on .
And I was six times in the ocean , so -- every time I 'm going to go home to go home and talk to the time .
And in those Rovers , you 'd like to think of what you 're doing here -- and what 's your biggest experience ? You think it 's <unk> ? I probably wo n't do it .
SS : And I think it 's not a matter of tourism , but every time , every time , we 're all at home .
First of all , we were -- no one ever sat down to the Atlantic Ocean across the Pacific , and I 've had to design a high - speed balance that we 've got to do with the speed of the balloon , which is the case that it 's going to be the velocity of a balloon to fly off the freeway .
So , when the balloon comes from the sweet bar , the plankton is flying down the Atlantic Ocean , and it 's going down to the high speed of speed , which is that the bottom side of a balloon is going to be the equivalent of two and a half meters , but there 's only about a dozen .
It 's like a communist horse .
I asked myself , I 'm not going to pray for the Red Brigades , and I 'm not going to get out of the balloon , and yes , it does n't .
But every time you get the results of the balloon , you know -- suddenly it 's time to get a balloon to drive the balloons , and I 'm going to take it to me .
Old secretary : Do n't get you at the same time , " I am in the middle . "
SK : No , no , he told me , but once he picked up the wheel , it was a $ 60,000-a - meter thick .
SS : Your adventure was inspired by <unk> Michael
AM : Oh , no , I put oxygen on the bottom of the balloon , and I 'm standing on a wall and you look at the bow of my feet and it 's very , very breakfast that I 'd like to upgrade to recline -- it really is the wife alone .
But anyway , we still lived .
SS : You were walking , or the end of the balloon ?
Narrator : And I knew that there was a good half - to - walk fuel fuel , I know if I jumped sideways .
So I went back to the cockpit , and despair crossed this choice correctly .
I wrote a little bit about the family , and then I put it on the wind and looked back at the airport and went back to the cockpit .
Eventually , there 's a better way .
You know , I have a big balloon on my head , which is the biggest parachute , why ?
So I tried to go through the clouds , and then I flew to the surface and landed on the surface , when I landed on the surface .
The balloons got into the surface and went back to the air , and I was not in the balloon .
But the feeling of the ocean is good -- Nate : What 's the home of your family ?
SS : But that 's what people do in this case , I love you , and I 'm like -- I 've been writing them at the beginning .
Fortunately , they did n't have a chance to see it .
Narrator : The inventor of your company is pretty good at this .
When I was a kid -- until I had seen it in the U.K. , you 'd go to the big hero .
And the guy who would say , " You know , you 're kind of a business of business , and you can do it . "
How big is this ?
SK : Well , of course , the experts said that experts would be the most likely thing to do as an editor of spring , and the thing is that the boat is not going to go to the end of the street , it 's a little bit of a traffic zone .
Old Milk Carton : They said yes , Richard .
SK : In fact , we actually bought the title of the magazine , and we had to know , yes , Richard .
Dave : Do you want to be a big genius , right ?
Todd : I wo n't do it .
Old Milk Carton : Okay , we 're not going to show it , OK ?
Dave : Do n't you ? Closed .
SK : I 've got to read a hard time , I do n't know anything about learning .
My team sank very low .
Maybe I was 15 years old .
If -- if -- I do n't know anything about what I 'm interested in .
It 's a very strange story for a reading .
I mean , I 've had to go to the greatest private community of Europe , but I do n't have a difference on the difference between the people and the celebrities .
So the board meetings were just so exciting .
So , is that good or bad ?
People say , " Oh , it 's not a good thing .
SS : Exactly . It 's about 250 million people , right ?
RB : I hope I 'd like to be a little bit wrong .
JA : No , believe me .
Interviewer : There 's a couple of times a day when somebody takes 50 years of charge , " You see , Richard , let me give you a list .
And the ocean has a network of fish coming out of the ocean .
This little guy 's left , and the rest of your day is being lost . "
And finally , I figured out .
Old Milk Carton : But in school , the age of Hong Kong is not a good student , and you do n't have a lot of fun .
So , you 're like a leader , but there 's a little bit of a piece of leadership , and you do this .
SK : Well , I 'm a little bit like this , but I -- I was so lucky that I had a movement cell , so I could have a lot of movement in school .
AK : You had a long time when you were young .
I mean , you have a little snapshot and he said , " Name a four - year - old , I say " walking home to go home . "
Is this true ?
Todd : Yes , you know , she thinks we should have a long time .
So she would do that , and the difference is , she 's been sent to the police system and she put us out of the road and we put it in the footsteps of Mayor Daley , we get five kilometers to go .
She brought us on the bicycle .
She never makes us TV .
AK : It 's a lot of risk .
And there 's a little bit of a child in this room , and there are a couple of kids who are going to take care of their children , or whatever .
You think the kids are not starving , and it does n't have a lot of compassion .
SK : No , I do n't think people are raising their kids to put them into a vacuum and the stock cord .
I think the best way to do it is not too much .
JA : Well , you grew up , and I think ...
You 're talking to you -- I mean , he feels like you 're not going to do it , and you say , " You know , you do n't get a promotion , or he does n't know what 's going on . "
So what 's the first one ?
PH : I did two things , but the prison was coming .
I was a member of the oldest family in Britain .
And based on the Digital Millennium Act , I was arrested , and I was hooked on the Red Brigades .
And the reason for that is because I 'm talking to the public community , " The Invention of the public , " which is in a young country .
There is a problem with Asperger .
So there 's a ancient legislation that 's not written in the public , or the dictionary , and it 's the " Lord " of " Autumn . "
So , the police came and told me that I would be arrested if I was going to talk to the gallery .
In England , the U.K. is called " Social Thought " or " Knowledge , " and nobody has to do it .
So , we were leaving the old one .
And then , " When he went to his house , we were called " The Battle of Pearl " , who said " Do n't do it , so I 'm not going to go back because the name is not .
John Fowler on a defense for us
He asked me if I could find a priest and let it go to the other means .
And I called it up and I wanted to talk to the Red Brigades .
The professor said , " Well , Steve Jobs does not have the " missile . "
This is actually a 18 fact that people get to the court . "
He said , " Well , I 'm a priest . "
And I said , " Can you pray for me ? "
He said he would be happy . I said , " No , he said " I 'm wearing a copy of the Maltese Falcon ? "
And I said , " That 's great . "
Announcer : God .
SS : So our core legs are going to be -- " Oh " to his grandmother .
And the judge says , well , it 's not a conversation .
Announcer : It 's God .
But really , is that a little more ?
A lot of people say that a person is not going to be able to do this kind of big community , unless it 's a couple of people , you know , thank you very much .
You 'd be accused of sweating .
Some people wrote a piece of paper .
Can it be true ? Do n't you ?
SS : I do n't want to get people to work on what they 're doing , and it 's not very compelling .
I think if you 're not thin , people will go back and go back and back .
And I think it 's a little bit of a compromise , and the world says it 's small .
And I think that the best thing that I 'm doing is that it 's an appointment , and that 's what I 'm doing .
SS : So , for the sake of your people , they looked at your new project , and it looked like you were a beginner .
You need to be a little girl , you know ?
How do you keep working life balance ?
How do you think of your family ?
SK : And I think it 's important to be a very important thing , and when my kids are very , very hours , sometimes when they get out of slavery .
We had three months - railway vacation .
Yeah , I 'm going to tell you , you know , stay in touch . We 're very lucky , we have a boat in the Caribbean , and we can -- I 'll take them to the rest of the world and I can see where they are .
Eve Ensler : You 've been talking about a talk about post - trained philanthropy
So what 's the concept ?
SK : Narrator : Capitalism is an effective economic system .
You know , another one is socialism , and it 's not work .
But the problem of capitalism is -- wealth is in a few people , so it 's a couple of people . I think , I think , use that wealth .
And I think it 's important to be a man who is very important for people who do n't get to see who they 're looking at , but the good news is , you know , there 's a lot of work to work on the world to solve a lot of problems in the world ?
SS : What most of you most care about , what 's the most worried about your resources ?
SS : That 's the question .
Global warming is a great problem for human survival , and we 're trying to solve , or we can find a burden , whether it 's limited to power , we have a real award , but we ca n't be able to control the power to replace the greenhouse gases , if we do n't control a greenhouse gas , breakthroughs .
We need to encourage you to keep the greenhouse gases in the atmosphere .
We have to -- we need to know that no one has ever been done , so we wanted people to try and do it , and the best minds of the world is going to take the methane to the atmosphere .
We have about 10,000 people who want to participate in this .
We just need a solution to this .
SS : And are you in Africa ?
SS : Yeah , we were -- we went into a war called War rooms like this .
We tried -- maybe the name is changing -- anyway , the War of War is trying to figure out what 's going on in the midst of conflict , and to find the best way of looking at it .
For example , Africa has a doctor discovering that the babies who have been pregnant the marshmallow would n't get HIV - infected .
And then it turns out that it 's all over Africa .
SS : The war was very powerful .
The hero of the Western race , as the West , does n't have a risk of risks , so I mean , my career , the early age of PH , is to make the ideas that are fundamentally wired to solve the problem , and the thing is , most of them are capable of being able to have the ability to think of it .
Do n't think that in Africa would n't have risks , we could solve this problem , and we can do that for the rest of the world , which is that we 're trying to solve the complexity of complex problems , but it has to be a mess .
SK : First of all , the problem is we actually -- we 're working with the community .
It was a little bit harder to get to the University of Port au - Prince , but I think it 's a way of dealing with the solution , and he 's trying to solve this problem , chiseled with his government , to work with him .
It takes people to live in Africa , and it 's a huge amount of money , it has a lot to do it for a few years .
This is what the Tibetan news looks like .
But I think the leader leaders can integrate their businesses to the government of government and to guide them .
So , for example , we 've got clinics in Africa , and we 're going to provide free prevention - free drugs and eliminate free treatment and free malaria .
And we also tried to make these clinics , so the patient was still paying for some other cost .
SS : A lot of people say , " You know , you and Bill Gates , who are just -- basically , basically it 's just going to be rewarding to drive , and that 's not what 's going on .
What would you say to this ?
SK : And I think that every one of the people 's actions has a reason for everyone , and I felt , when I was 27 years old , I could feel the feeling of efficacy .
And it would be horrific , but I 'm really sure that this is true .
I think I have a tremendous amount of impact on the quality of people , and I should be able to do it .
SS : How many of you did ?
SS : 23 years .
SS : The psychologist said , " Well , I 'm not talking about it , but I do n't have a experts , and he says , you know , it 's 30 or 40 .
By 50 , 60 years , people would like to get the wisdom and leaves themselves .
It 's like , you know , if you 're in the beginning of desire , you 're still beginning to build new projects .
How many of you do it immediately ? Do you want your own contribution ?
SK : What happened to me ?
And I certainly wanted to know , I 'm going to see my grandmother 's age , so I was lucky , and I had a 30 or 40 years .
No , I just wanted to use life .
To do something for the world , I wanted to do something for the world .
What I think is good about this is that , for example , Google and Larry .
In fact , there are two people who get care of this world , and with their wealth , the rest of their wealth .
If you have the same wealth , they do n't care about the two people in the world .
And it turns out that the world has crashed .
Slim - bodied , human populations are really important .
TK : Richard , I did n't know when I was just beginning to finish the lottery , and I had n't seen it , but I thought I would n't believe it would be .
PH : You 've been inspired by this today . Look at you , I think , and maybe there 's another kind of success .
So , thank you very much for inspired us for TED today , thanks to TED . Thank you .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/steven_strogatz_on_sync.html
Slim - minded sculpture using time , shape , shadow , angle of view , or hidden , in the slideshow , artists in India can show us his stunning equipment .
art , arts , design , entertainment , visualizations
<unk>
Kary Mullis : The art of the substance of destruction
When I say " school " in school , I have a lot of reports about it .
As a matter of every time , I came out of the class , and the teacher said , " Hey , come here .
How does it work ? "
And I 'd like to say , " I 'm going to do it . I 'm going to go . "
And I did n't know why , and one of them said , " Miss " , the other thing , when you say tragedy , they do n't work .
So it 's all that way , and they ca n't find their position .
And I remember looking at the night , and I would go to the bad news because , because I could n't say , I ca n't be a word ♫ ♫ I 'm not supposed to be the word " parents , " because I ca n't say another one .
So I said to the Red Brigades , " Do n't get better , get a chance to get it to be a little bit better . ♫ Sweeney : After all , God is going to help me .
For example , I 'm going to start drawing some of my lectures .
And then , when I was 13 to eight years old , started in a company called the Personal Genome program .
For example , school started to support me .
" Oh , he 's learning a little bit harder , but send him to drawing playing football . "
So I had to survive , and I found myself in school .
In one game , I won a little apple orchard in the game .
I was very young , and I would n't go home and threw it down .
In train , I got my red voice .
If you were sitting in the train train , you know , people like to listen to the radio , and even for a cell phone .
And that time -- I 'm 13 -- so I hear the radio , there 's a guy sitting next to me , like the three people sitting here .
I 'm sitting next to me .
And he said , " What 's the sound of the radio ? How much money ? "
And I said , " This is a pogo game . "
He said , " Oh , I 've taught drawing in college .
I think you should learn in art school .
You 're going to go back and down . "
So , I 'd like to say that it might be , maybe , sitting next to you , probably changing your life . This is possible .
As long as we have enough ideas , it has a loss of trust .
So , this is the support of my failure , still to try and get to the art school , to do what I really want to work on , and eventually I 'm standing in front of you .
And when I was walking , I went to thinking about where it was time , and what happened in the last 10 or 15 years , so I 'd like to say that most of the work is everywhere .
And I came up with a blade , because I thought , " What made us ? " and I said , yes , it was made . "
So I thought , you know , when you go to the beginning of the past , it 's only halfway through the posture , because the last few years , because the last few years .
It could be a pile of pieces , and it might be play , or or in a coffee or a blender , any way of doing anything .
But it 's all about time .
And I 'm obsessed with this , honestly , to open up this art form .
So when I move through the line , I go through these cables , capture them .
Now I want to show you some of the work .
This is called " self - self . "
It 's one of the conveyor belts in the body .
And the body really enjoy this peeling , like this statue , from my own past .
It 's just like a 3D picture .
The elements there are there , the elements of the Mecho - similarity , and the sense of self - similarity .
It 's just like a fossil .
And then slowly moving , to explore all kinds of different possibilities .
So , that 's what I 'm talking about , and this experience is very painful , because we have freedom to walk , the freedom of freedom , but in a minute , you ca n't do it for a moment because it does n't have a way to move ; and it 's the moment that , in the first time , he 's not going to be a little bit like this .
And this is the oscilloscope of the boat , because , of course , the perception or no , whatever we do , always leave it .
So I thought , I 'm going to capture it , the gecko 's toes , any brush , whatever we leave .
This is the posture of liberation , the sun .
Because when I caught the footprints , I always think , if a object free freedom , you get the other object , and it leaves , or no other way to capture it ? "
This works -- because the lens of the camera is , he just shows the other side .
So I put the paper on the weather , and he was called the wind and I got the Cirque of the sun .
This is called " Frost . "
And what I do is , I put up 10 feet of paper and then , OK ?
It took 24 hours .
So whatever paper was made out of fire , he was a piece of work .
Even though we have the following , when we try to understand them , the biggest thing about the environment and the environment .
So we really understood if we 're just going to understand what 's going on to him ?
Now , the puzzle intuition is because , even if you 're going to understand , your role is that you play the role .
Like , for example , a simple behavior .
How many of you have seen this in India , when you go from Bangalore to 1983 ?
Can you care about it ?
And if you ask a point about what 's going on , everyone 's understanding is different .
For example , a teacher said , " Well , she 'll say " to the other side . "
When they were asked , you know .
And if you do it , the answer is not different .
He said , " Well , for a good benefit . "
He said , " I have a dream , and all the cows get freedom to travel across the Houston River , without any argument . "
Think about the cow now , and then he saw the same cows across the river .
He would say , " Well , you know , and he said to the cows and say " Rover across the pigs ' . " And the cow is inspired by a dozen miles across , but it 's going to be Jill Tarter .
And Freud said that the fact that you 're focusing on is evidence that your hidden desire . "
If we asked Einstein , he would say , " It 's cows across the underdog , or cows ' roads , and it depends on your palm . "
So , Steve Jurvetson , if he saw the same one , he would say , " Ask the question of your cows . "
So , what we see is that often we think , and most of the time , we ca n't see things .
We just depend on our intuition .
So what 's the point ?
So let 's see a little bit of this .
Because I always wondered nothing about it .
We 're not really meaningful in the world .
Nothing exists in our heads .
And if you look at this , this is the area , and it 's a long time .
That 's what we learned in school .
But if you put it on the middle , and now , I do n't have it , but it 's still happening .
So what we call it , it 's not there ; he 's in the other side of the matter , even though we say the dark thing , the light , good , bad , and it does n't exist .
It 's just , as a human , by training , through a way of looking at things , we 're making meaning .
And so this works , it 's like -- well , he 's called the dark color .
This is what 's going on from the Houston camp .
So instead of creating light , not only creates light .
So this is a mathematics to explore this subject .
This is called " Frost . "
He shows our visual hearing very low - hearing -- we really see ?
This is a wonderful portrait .
It 's just about six feet long , but it looks like he 's about to put it on the ark .
And the wall is like -- this is the blue color , the second , and the third one has a meaning .
We just took the wall out of the whole pile .
Once again , " Egypt . "
It was made by me .
About eight feet .
When I was doing it , I always wondered that the question was in conjunction with the Oprah department -- and now , when I saw a question -- no matter what the bird was looking at at the bottom , what would they do ?
Is there a way to take this idea into a art form ?
I ca n't find it .
But stop the job of six , seven months later , I finally figured out that , in a restaurant , when I was changing the air , he came from infinity .
It 's called " Frost . "
This is what I created .
And the process of doing this is very interesting , because I gave up the air company , and I said , " Aw , sir , I 'm an artist , it 's a artist .
Can you help me do this ? "
They did n't email me back .
And then I thought , " Well , I 'm going to get some of these to help . "
So I told them , " I want to run a air company . "
They said , " Of course they go . "
" This is engineering report , and then they 'll give you the details . "
And finally , I went to find them told them : I 'm not a company , just to do my work .
Here you go . "
And then they came .
This work is called Delhi .
In India , nobody really cares about art . They just care about the price , absorbs space .
Now , you bought this for 3,000 months , and the two months later it breaks down .
And this is the fact that there are some of the Russians , and the collection may be possible .
And this is a collection of a lot of money -- it turns out they 're not really going to be a lot of money because it 's value .
This is a couple weeks later , a few months later .
This is just a problem about crime .
So if someone said , " Oh , I 'd seen it . "
And if they say it 's solid , he does n't have to be solid , he would blow it .
And if they say they 're like , it 's fake , because he 's connected to the air .
In the same way , the air in the library .
They breathe it , and they keep it off .
And when I was doing that , I went to my mother and looked at him and said , " Why are you all stuck with this ? "
And I said , " What does it mean ? "
" The light produces color , " and now it 's going to evaporate now ?
Do n't you feel a little bit about death ? " They said .
" No , no , for me , I think , " he 's got a little bit of Super , but he hits the whole whole time . "
But she said , " No , I do n't like him .
Do you know if you 're a sculptor , can you do this ? "
I said , " No , Mum . No .
Because we could get the grandmother to do a sculpture , or we can break the soil , but we ca n't create the fences . "
So I created this work .
It 's called " The Eagle Song . "
This is one day , and it looks like the same food as a different kind of food .
So , the same divination , a few days later , a few days later .
This is 15 , 20 days later .
And although that little piece of hairs is in the glass box and the wood box , the air drops up a parachute , and then it creates another Rover .
But he gave me a bigger inspired .
And this blew - sculpture gives me a bigger , belief . Maybe maybe there might be more possible to capture things .
So what you 're seeing now is called " Kiteflyer 's Horse . "
And I want to tell you that we do n't see the shadow , it 's not just bright light , we see bright light .
What we see is their reflection , rather than themselves .
You know , this is why , the night at night , we see the stars , but actually he does n't have light .
When they looked at the bottom of the moon , we saw him .
It 's the same thing .
And the small dust is blinking , and then we get light .
We ca n't see the dark , and we see that the light does n't see the light , and we ca n't see gravity .
So , I started doing this with a deeper level of engagement , object and space .
Because , in the sense of visual art , I saw this , and I see that -- but the sculptor on sculptor ?
And if we hold this up , he has two illusions .
The surface represents this .
And the other side is the ground .
I put it as a experiment , and you know , dengue fever .
Now , this is a box box and his shadow .
And the second thing you can do is take a look at something that does n't look like the characteristics of the visual object .
So he got a shadow .
And I thought , okay , let me put him out .
And then again , he became a object .
And then third .
So now you just look at shadow .
And then again , there was no shadow .
I thought , " Oh , well , done .
You can see the details .
It 's called gravity .
It 's called " Place Market . "
It 's cluttered , and it has about 110 million .
So , in fact , the black hole has been made of air .
We can see it 's happening , but what happens is actually never seen .
This is a show from a TV show .
It 's called " Frost . "
details .
And what I want to tell you is , our senses are so unpredictable , and we ca n't see anything .
We ca n't feel that , " I 'm touching air , and if it 's a little bit faster , I can feel it .
So all of us have about the architecture of reality , all through the sensory apparatus .
So <unk> is like , do n't have a way to use all these things as pure symbols or drawings ?
And the real purpose is to go beyond , we need to get closer to the wall , the other side of logic , no place .
Because we see people walking out of the walk .
But if we just put it down , and try to analyze it , it 's going to get a little bit closer , because in fact , the stair are just leaving the posture of time .
Thanks .
http://www.ted.com/talks/dave_meslin_the_antidote_to_apathy.html
The physics and the marketing seems nothing to do , but it does n't seem to be a lot of fun for them , and he uses Newton 's Second law , the way it 's the second law of Newton , a scientific solution to explaining the basic theory of what 's going on .
business , innovation , math , physics
<unk>
Kevin Savage : The physics teaching me
I 've been working on what I love , but my first mate has been the physics of physics , and this is a great teacher to give me a little hair .
So he taught me physics , because it could teach us a lot about what we all have around us .
And I 'm going to spend a couple minutes for you to believe that physics can teach us some knowledge about marketing .
So very quickly , who was studying the marketing ?
Anybody learn to learn physics in college ?
Oh , good . Who was learning ?
Okay , many people .
So , hopefully that would make us happy , or maybe some kind of gratification .
So , physics and marketing :
We 're going to start from a few simple steps , and Darwin 's Second law : " Inversions is the quality of the mass . "
This is probably a little bit of a bird - rex that should be a bit more carefully , and then they 're going to go ahead .
But if we keep fast up this formula , we can get it to the mass and the quality of a larger shield , and it needs more to change the movement direction .
brand is the same thing . The bigger the fertility , the more , is that it needs more power to change its agenda .
So , this is why Nike Anderson shows the choice of choice , and instead of trying to convince the world , one is one of the reasons why the other thing you can see is that there is one other thing to do with the rest of the world .
And this explains why it 's hard to find the world to believe that his company is not only about vacuum tubes , but also explained why the company and the Grand Canyon is always going to cut off the companies like snoring , like a lot of recline , and not a big recline writer .
So the more general thing is , the quality of the object needs more power to change its movement directions .
The marketing is , the more the trickster is going to redesign it .
So thinking about a new type of brands , or new kinds of new things , design design .
Now , who remember who 's not an unfortunate conceit ?
Now , a little bit of a technology .
So , what 's going on here is that it 's impossible to measure the state of a particle , like , in the same position , because of the definition , it is the point of measuring this pattern .
So to explain it -- if there 's a silver ball , you 're going to get a light bulb to it , and the photons has a parachute , so you do n't know what the particles are , so you do n't know what it 's looking at .
By measuring the particles , the behavior changes its behavior .
Looking at behavior change .
The marketing is .
Use use of looking at the consumer , change their behavior .
Figure out there 's a group of mothers who talk about them in a service group , and almost no one can buy a lot of junk food .
At the time , the McDonald sold a million wires every year .
Think of the people who are in the checkout line , and they 're going to take their legs into a rectangle and fruit and tomatoes , but not as much as the rest of it .
And if you think about it , it 's not a lot of people who are looking at the people in the Web , and the people do n't have much more .
Now , we know that Google is the first stage of search for the page .
So luckily , science -- no , I 'm sorry , marketing has become easier .
Luckily , now there 's better selling cables , and more digital media , you can get better and better to do it , rather than what they 're saying .
So the physics is never going to be true , and it 's measurable , because it will change it .
In marketing , the information information is , trying to figure out what the consumer is doing , rather than they say they 're going to do what they need or anticipate .
So , all of science 's approach , which is a principle of physics -- think you ca n't see a hypothesis . You can only get this assumption .
And that means that you can collect more and more about one , or a hypothesis , and the data , it does n't end up that way , but it does n't end it up .
Just as long as the data points can make you wrong .
So if we have a lot of examples -- there are data that can support his theory that the planet can rotate around the Earth .
It needs to be a powerful observation that can look at this idea .
There 's a little bit of similarities with marketing , and you can invest in a brand - of - a - board for a long time , but it 's going to destroy the notion of the power of consumer power . "
In the case of British oil , they spent a couple of dozen years of proof for the environment , and then a little Agile .
Think about Toyota .
And a long time ago , it was a guy who was worried about the most impressive car , and then they came up with a big <unk> .
It 's been thought about the perfect brands in a long time .
Okay . You know .
So the physics is , you ca n't prove a piece of paper , but it 's easy to get it out . Any vine is not reliable .
Private is free to invest in how many people you have in your brand , and the poor will be able to adjust a decade .
So it 's very carefully to be very careful about what 's going on , and it can adjust your palm .
And finally , less than a world of entropy is less unambiguous , the second law .
And the laws think entropy , which is a way of measuring systems , and that Rover has always been growing .
The marketing is .
And if we go back to 20 years , a market of marketing can basically be a kind of an application .
But today we have a change where we are .
You can get a powerful kit or a message and then put it on the last year , like the elections in the year earlier .
But then you lose the control of it .
Because even though every consumer has given a digital update , design design and tool tool , you do n't have to control it .
Your grandparents started pouring out . It became stronger .
It 's been limited .
I really saw him talk . He did a nice job .
But for the sake of the PH , they 're kind of crazy , but it 's a good thing .
The delivery of electronic energy is allowing you to be more closer to more than a lot of mass , more pervasive .
Power is a power of democracy , and ultimately it 's good for your brand of branding .
So , from the experience of physics , what 's happening is that entropy is always changing ; this is a fundamental rule .
And the message from marketing is that your brand is cheaper .
You ca n't relate to it , and then you get the fact that it 's going to be solvable .
So at 41 degrees , my teacher , Al Gore , tell me physics , and I 've been convinced you to believe that the physics can teach us all , even if the marketing , some useful things .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/robert_full_on_engineering_and_evolution.html
In this small and entertaining talk , Christopher Kennedy asks us to introduce a traditional blue line in the traditional village of the world , and how they created a world where they sell them a little bit .
Africa , art , business , design , short talk
<unk>
Christopher Rick Warren shows a line from the line
In South America , the line was a history of history , and the history of a hundred years ago .
And the modern sector brought more communication and a new material .
A lot of the population is used in cities , which means that this new kind of industrial material starts to start with , very difficult .
Here you can see that this changes the way people start using modern materials .
These are the products coming from the 1950s .
In the 1990s , I was interested in the workforce of changing the art of a new form , and I came up with a kind of new way of thinking about a whole living form .
And I 've got the opportunity to work with this community that 's really beginning to develop , and they follow and design them in the product .
In this case , it 's about 50 million years from the first time .
Soon our needs to be able to get more than this one , and then we connected a wire maker to help us with the materials that we just want to produce .
And I wanted to be able to build some of the modern products , rather than ever before .
So I came up with the product of product , and it was clear that they were very high - a - tech market and could be used to fund our local markets .
And then we did a series of experiments , as you can see from the shape , the size of the virus , which is a very important thing , and it 's a successful project , it has to be 12 years , but we 've been able to get the products of 12 and a half - year - old to the commodities and the <unk> .
And this is our core team .
They had weekly reviews every week .
It 's all about the celebrities .
They all go into the first village area .
One week to participate .
This is the community that I just showed you .
Today it has been a modern job to support 300 crochet work .
This is what I wanted to express .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/charlie_todd_the_shared_experience_of_absurdity.html
Singer - songwriter uses a tool that gave us a lesson in the future , which is the instrument of <unk> , and it 's going to be the first time that you can play a delightful piece of music at the end of the class , but she played a gorgeous piece for music .
culture , history , music , performance , singer , technology
<unk>
Clay Schwartz : The Jill
And since this is the dawn of the conference , I 'm going to go to the French ' Jack ' ?
I think you all need the history of emotional history . It 's French News .
Spanish is called " Frost . "
It 's called " Frost . "
And that 's what the plumbers are .
There 's a different type of wood on the screen and the different shape .
There 's only a couple of hundred people using this instrument using a kind of black hole to control the song and play with the violin itself .
There are three different types of varnish .
The first one is called the Personal Way , and it 's the equivalent of what 's going on .
And the second is the string string , and it 's connected to the sixth line , like a kangaroo .
The third one is just the case .
It 's the only tool that we use today to use this technology today .
It can start the fertilizer or it 's called " Frost . "
When I rotate the crank of the alphabet , and it 's going to produce a sound like a kind of sound - shaped sound ?
And these are the parts of it . It 's just about the instrument that we 've been in the age of 1973 , and it 's going to be a lot of players who have been playing with a crank , a peeling hole , the other one to get rid of the headrest .
And then a few centuries later , they changed a little bit .
So one person is able to play the dictionary , and of course , one of the people you can do is , you know , it 's going to be a very heavy way to get rid of the wind .
In the Zen point points , it 's the same thing as dance and dance , which is due to a unique amount of <unk> , and , of course , you have to do it with this Rover .
In this case today , the Rovers in Hong Kong is used to all kinds of different music , like the music musical , dance , and the modern music and it 's all over the way .
One person needs a license to do this .
Three years of hardware could make it , and these are the Rovers in Europe .
It 's very difficult to get rid of this .
Do n't say , do you want to hear that ?
Christopher Dick : I 'm not lying , you want to do it ?
Ed Shepherd : Okay !
Come on .
I 'd like to take advantage of this , because there is a place where I live , and it 's a area in France and Spain .
[ unclear ] Thank you .
And that 's what I 'm trying to do with the traditional bin vessels .
This is a silver lining .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/roz_savage_why_i_m_rowing_across_the_pacific.html
Narrator : Sobule : A very trivial subject for us to give us a very subtle subject -- love -- and she explains the evolution of love , love and social status , and then she warns that the hidden consequences of what we 're going to do when it 's hidden .
Featured , Houston , cognitive science , culture , evolution , gender , love , psychology , sports , technology , science
16
♫ Sobule : Sobule - Dick ♫ ♫ Sobule - Dick ♫ ♫ Sobule - Dick
What I 'm going to talk about today is that the big trend is probably the trend of the next decade , the trend of the future .
But I 'd like to tell you , first of all , from my research research because it 's my last job .
My colleague and my colleague , who I had about 32 , would have been a functional brain scan .
Narrator : Some of these individuals came out of the 25th , and the other 15 people were just appointed .
So I 'd like to start with this experiment , and I 'm going to talk about love .
Tom said , " What are the messages ? "
And I think our ancestors really respond to this problem with a million years ago , and they 're going to get rid of the stars , or they 're throwaways .
And in order to find a couple of years , I took 45 years of psychology , and I found that this was something special when people turned into love .
What 's going to happen first is that the other person starts being manipulated . "
It 's like a kind of vegetarian , and I have a new center for me to say , " Well , there 's a new center .
And the same thing is written with a different approach .
He said that people underestimate a woman and a different woman .
And that 's true .
And then you put all the attention into this guy .
And even though you can do that , you do n't like him and she 's not , but they 're not going to get to love her , but they 're not going to love her .
And just like the Grand Canyon said , " Love is a sin of liberation . "
To understand where I decided to read poetry from all over the world , I 'd like to tell you a little bit about the little poetry in China , because it 's a great misunderstanding .
It 's like a guy who 's crazy , and this person walks into the parking room . He felt this guy 's car and everything else .
And this is a little bit of red color , and the red dots are different than anything else .
In this story , a man was obsessed with this .
This poem is written by a poet 's Seventh Symphony : " The Lord of Pearl Prince " is a lot of fun .
Christopher Sweeney : In front of the day , it was exploded .
And he 's kind of wrong with one of the things that I 'm going to tell you , because the dopamine level of dopamine is reduced .
But anyway , it 's not just that one person has a special sense of what you 're looking at .
You 'll be very tough for him , and you 're very high .
It said , " I feel like I 'm flying across the air . "
You will never fall out of night . You 're going to go all the time .
And when the things work , you feel that when you 're not good at it , then you fall very heavy and refreshing .
You 're totally dependent on this guy .
It 's like a New York City maker , who said , " She liked anything I loved . "
Simple , love is so simple .
Christopher Sweeney : There 's a silver preview .
You know , if you 're just a blip and a person , you do n't care about him or the other person .
But when you get into the love of love , you do n't have the birthplace of <unk> .
And I think this is the way that we follow the evolution of evolution , and also mobilizes human evolution .
Because the love of love is going to lock two people together , and it 's a strong connection to the two .
But the most important role of love is to desire to be part of a person , not just a sexual choice , but it 's emotional .
And of course , it 's great to be with him , but you 're more hopeful that he 's going to call you , as you walk away , and so hopefully he tells you he loved you .
One of the main characteristics of love is power .
You 're beginning to start doing it . You want it .
And the last one of love is that the love of love is obsolete .
When I asked them to go into the Rift Valley , I asked them all of these questions .
But the most important problem .
" How many times do you have ? "
They said , " Well , the next day is never stopped . "
And then I would ask them the last question , and I 'm always going to be driving them to answer this question because I am not a psychologist .
I could n't cure the mental rehabilitation .
The final question was always the same .
" Are you going to die ? "
And they said , " Yes ! "
It 's like I asked them to send them to me .
And I was shocked by this .
And I asked them to show them a picture of God , and then let them look at a little picture and test their brain .
We 'll find that the same brain is going to be the most powerful of all time , and when it 's at the time .
We also found that a lot of our brains are active .
And in fact , one of our most focused - looking regions is that the brain region is a little bit of a human brain .
And that 's what people see when they see the picture .
I began to realize that the celebrity was not just a emotional conceit .
I used to think of love as a swarm of emotional emotion , very strong .
But in fact , love is an appointment , and it comes from the power of power to our deepest desire , a strong desire .
And this dynamic , like you want to get a piece of chocolate , as you 'd like to do in the workplace .
It 's driving our brains , and it 's our drive .
I think this dynamic dynamic is more powerful .
When you ask people if you 're willing to do it , if this guy says , " No , you do n't know if it 's suicide or depressed .
But in all over the world , people were like , " You know , if they were love by love , they would n't get it .
People killed , for love , to love love and die .
They created a song for love , poetry , novel , sculpture , paintings and legend .
More than 175 society , and people are using different evidence that the brain tissue is so powerful .
Let people get people to do so , so I think it 's the most powerful medium organizing .
And I think it 's the most basic of three different kinds of brain organizations coming from the beginning .
One of these is a desire to regret .
Singer - songwriter : It 's called " The Inconvenient Grab . "
It always keeps you , like hunger .
The second is romance : that gives you a long time , to overcame it .
And that third is that the third thing that depends on is the silence and safe and safer .
And I think it 's the desire to go out and get you out of the crowd .
You know , you can feel it .
It makes it aspirational .
And it 's going to make you focus on a relationship with one person , so you 're having your right energy , waiting for your time .
And the third brain system : it depends on how you can do it for him , and it 's like , you know , if you 're going to take you to the age of raising your children 's children .
After that , I 'm talking about two most significant social trends .
One of the things that came out of 10,000 years ago is that the two - year - olds , these two trends , love and depends on the three different brain systems that have been affected by this three .
The first stage is that women work , and it 's a part of the labor of labor .
It 's about 130 countries in the world of the U.N.
It turns out that 35 million countries have the women in the workforce , and it 's going to be a lot slower , but the trend is , you know , the gap between males and women , health and education .
That process is very slow .
Contrary to every trend on Earth , it always has a balance .
And we all know that , but as old as the age of the old Arab States says , " Oprah is still going on . "
And in fact , it turns out that this trend is going down .
Women are feeding the workforce .
And the reason I say is that , because women work is not fresh .
In Africa millions of years , women spend a lot of time on the farm to collect vegetable vessels .
They took home for 60 or 80 percent dinner .
The family revenues are a standard family .
And also , women have the same economic abilities , social skills and choice .
In fact , we were a blip .
And yet , women , the older ones , are the gatekeepers .
In the beginning of the agricultural society , the role of men is a smooth moral role .
Women lost it as raw jobs , but as the result of the Industrial Revolution , women came back to the workforce and the Industrial Revolution .
PH : They were able to get a social status between millions of years ago , and the pioneers were even more early than they were in 10,000 years .
What we 're seeing is one of the biggest traditions of human history .
And this traditional tradition is happening .
Normally , my whole talk can be the impact of the economy .
And I 'd like to do that , and I 'm going to talk to you later , and I 'm going to talk to myself .
And there 's a lot of difference between men and women , and the people who are very similar to men , you do n't have their sons and daughters .
I do n't know why they thought men and women were the same .
Men and women are very similar places , but there are a lot of different places .
And as Ted Turner said , " We 're like two feet , and we need each other to move forward . "
But our brains are not new .
And it 's a lot more diversity .
I just just told you one number , and then I 'm going to get into the top part and love it .
One of them is the language of women . Woman is Chris .
Women can get fast and quickly find the right thing to do , and the most obvious thing is that it 's going to be in the middle of the city .
But even after puberty , their performance is better than the average men .
Women play a conversation .
They were so many years ago , the language was their tool .
They face educational education kids who use language to break their children , their kids , education , education .
But women are becoming a powerful force .
Even in some women , the countries who enter into the common workforce , like India and Japanese women go into news business .
I think television is like a global currency .
We 're in it , and it 's also affecting our ideas .
When I recorded my show , they call me talking about the content of speech content .
In fact , <unk> said , " There 's a great writer , like a government .
Contemporary writers in America are women .
This is just one of the most features of women who have these traits to get into the workforce .
Women have amazing social skills and skills .
They have a rich imagination .
Computers and long - term projects form form form .
They were thinking about the puzzle of thinking .
Because women have a better part of their own brain , and they 're able to collect more data , more complex forms , to see more choices and results .
They can do it , the whole thinking , called the network Berry .
And the men would arrest them to think of what they 're doing , and focusing on what 's going on , thinking about the way of thinking .
These two ideas are good .
We need them .
In fact , men are geniuses in this world , in fact .
But the world is men and men .
When men do n't work well , they can be very good .
I think we 're trying to build a cooperative social society , and a society that is so many of the women and women to be able to pay and to use it .
In fact , women go into the workforce , and they have a huge impact on their labor , love and family life .
Clearly , women start drawing their desire .
And I always wonder that when people ask me , " Why are men always so much like this ? "
And I said , " How do you unlearn the men ? "
" Well , men are smaller ! "
And I asked them , " What are these men with people ? "
Turns out it 's clear .
Anyway , anyway .
In the West world , they had more than a lot of money , and they were n't because of their own " Love , " and a child , less and less to search for better marriages and divorce them .
Women have more than more sophisticated expression and prestige .
Indeed , we 've been able to go back to the next four years , and we 're going to have a long - term view of Africa , because that 's what it 's like to be a society with life and animation .
The demise of our marriages are also the same time .
There is a verb that the 21st century can be known as " marriage , " and the marriage of a marriage that is called " ♫ The marriage " for a while .
A marriages of marriages went back to the form of a human race and the human spirit .
We also see people who are interested in celebrity .
The women of America and the men who do n't have their own qualities are not because of all of their mental qualities , and they 're married if he does n't get to each other .
For 37 countries , discoveries around the world are only hoping to marry people .
Literally , it 's the beginning of the history of history .
I think marriages should be more stable because we 're facing the second big trend .
The first thing that women get into the workforce is the second example of the car .
In the U.S.
Because , in the case of 900 and 13 years , 40 percent of the health care health is no problem .
So , we looked at the progress of the early stages of Commerce .
And I have a couple of hundred countries in my own book .
You can see , as older as the older age , dengue fever is decreasing .
So now the U.S. passport is the balance of stability .
The future will continue down .
And as Al Gore , " The Lord of the keyword " is a little girl , and the female of a technology has become more likely to get a lot more than this kind of attraction .
None of the women 's women are such as much as today , as well as possible .
So I was very convinced that the most important thing in human evolution was to create perfect marriages .
And that process is even more complicated .
In this three - dimensional system , they 're private , and it 's not always draining together .
By the way , they can be in the same way .
That 's why accidental sexual sex is not .
When the dawn came out , your body exploded .
The dopamine is connected to the other , and you love the people who are just like you . "
In the same time , the body produces a hormone oxytocin and the frontal lobes , and it 's all dependent on its own hormone .
So this is why you 've experienced this relationship with other people , and you get the connection between her .
But these three emotions are not always chasing them .
You know , you 've got a partner for a long time , and you have a very strong sense of responsibility and responsibility as well as you can .
To say , we can love a lot of people .
In fact , when we deviated at the bed , we can think of somebody in the room and feel a little bit about somebody else .
In your head , as you 're running , because you need to do a choice .
So I think it 's not a species that is created by creating happiness , and we 're an old species .
I think happiness is our discovery .
We can do good relationships with everyone .
So I 'd like to conclude with two things .
One thing that makes me cringe , I have a fear , and a wonderful story .
My fear is about pepper medicine .
This year will be over 10,000 prescriptions per year .
And these drugs are very common .
They whistle the world around the world .
And I know a girl who was 13 years old , and she was doing a nuclear pharmaceutical drug for a while .
She was 12 years old , and she took this drug to 13 .
And I 'm not anti - American , because it 's a very powerful thing .
For those who wanted suicide or bed nets .
I 'm hopeful .
But more and more of the Americans started running depressed .
And the effect of these drugs is to improve the quality of the word
Packaging that inhibits productivity , inhibits dopamine .
Everyone knows everybody .
The dopamine is connected .
pharmaceutical drugs are not the cause of force , and it causes compassion .
When your desire , you lose it .
And once it 's lost , it gives you a sense that the hormone responsible hormone is being refuted .
The nervous system is all about each other .
One of these brain systems is damaged , and the other system is happening .
I just wanted to say that a world without love is not alive .
So , thank you .
I 'd like to end with a story , and then one sentence .
I 've been in love with love , gender and evolution .
And I am 11 , and I 'm a little bit embarrassed .
Why you 're like me and me , why the Japanese guy , Japan , who is Australia , is so like the people like this .
About a year ago , a network of the network was found that I wanted to get me to design a new date across the site .
And I said , " Do n't I understand the identity , you know ? "
I do n't know if you could find it .
They said , " Yeah . "
Let me start thinking , why you love one person , not another person .
This is what I 'm looking at right now , and the content of my book .
You have a lot of fun .
It 's important to be very important .
It 's very important . You might be in love with somebody who 's a secret and love , because it 's because he can get your head up to get you to the Grand Canyon , and you 're going to move your brain to <unk> .
You love the people that you 're like , " The people who are like " love " and he 's going to take you on the edge of the brain .
And I think , you will be drawn to people who are positively correlated with you .
So that 's what I 'm trying to study now .
But I want to tell you a story about this .
I 'm here talking about the rules of love .
I want to tell you some of the things of culture about love .
This is a story that sounds like a real story .
It 's about a graduate student , and my two colleagues , the two dentists 's Roger Film Festival is the Grand Canyon .
And that 's where we 're trying to scan these people .
This is a graduate student , a little graduate , and the girl does n't love him .
And then they went to a conference in Montana .
And he learned from our work , and if you take someone to do something very , very innovative , you can get it to the end of the brain .
So he decided to use science to practice , so he 'd sit around with a girl .
I 've never done a lot of crap on the bus and the trucks and trucks , and it 's very , very stimulating .
Boy : Boy of girl 's brain makes girls healthy .
And the woman 's excited about it , and it 's a very good time to get a good time .
And after one hour , they came up with the girl who survived her hands and said , " It 's very exciting . "
" Namaste . "
This is the magic of love .
And I 'm going to say , in the end of the millions of years , humans have developed three different kinds of systems , love and love with long - term choices .
And these Rovers are really deep in the human brain .
They 're going to do this with human beings and say , " The Inconvenient Truth . "
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/bill_davenhall_your_health_depends_on_where_you_live.html
Bill Clinton has seen what 's going on in the car -- and his great great job is that the journalist is growing , and he grew up with a tremendous amount of money , so he 's really worried about the impact of the environment and the global issues , but the talk is to be more tolerant to the future , or even more green and more , more open - green .
cars , design , finance , technology
<unk>
Bill Ford : The tomorrow 's tomorrow
And I 've been in trouble with cars and cars as well as a personal choice , and I spent 30 years .
And the last time I learned how to get more cars .
And what I 'm worried about today is that if we just sell more cars .
If the driver 's cars get more than doubled , there 's a number of times what happens ?
There are two things that I love all my life .
I actually grew up in <unk> .
In childhood , when his father took the doctor 's bank or the bed nets , she would stop home , and I felt that this was really cool .
When I was 10 , I decided that if I could get testing the pilot , it was better .
My parents were eating dinner .
When they sit down , I woke up .
As long as the Rover is , the new one is going to be on the road , and it 's a lot of it .
So for two years , until -- I 've been about 12 -- my father took a restaurant to go home .
It was snow snow .
And he had to eat dinner with her mother , and I ran out of a couple of lines and then I wanted to get a few of these to be very cool .
My father was having dinner with dinner .
And he walked out of the sanitarium , and I flew a ice cream in the same time , where my car flew into a dry boat , which was almost a little bit closer .
And this time , it was a long time ago , and this happened to me .
But I got the car back .
And my first car was the vertical saber of the 1975 .
And although the color is silent , and I love this car , it really captures me and the feeling of my car continues .
The car is not just what I love , and I 'm born with them .
My great great success was a Cartesian chair , and I was in my mom .
I was born with a sixth grade .
And my great great - granddad , Henry Ford , who believes it 's a good job to get people to take their lives better .
He believes that the power is free and progress .
I 'm so sure .
And I love things like the environment .
I used to log in North Carolina , South Carolina and fishing , and he wrote on the book .
Two years later , this changes me , and I was so shocked to walk across the Oprah ward , where I went to the realm of Michigan , the area of fireflies and the basement zone .
So even though I was born at the same time , I had a lot of calculation , and it was in my mind .
And after high school , I started reading the book , and Jill Sobule and Christopher Johnson , the author of the writer , came up with a deeper emotional emotional world .
I never wanted to think about the legacy of the car and the truck .
And I really thought that was until I was college .
In the University of Utah , you can imagine that the lesson of my surprise was to say the American problem of the United States was , and our family responsibility .
They think we 're focusing on the whole industry , whether they 're money , instead of growing the sky , it 's the state of our country .
And I went into the Rift Valley , and I had a little bit of fun to do this before .
And I decided to get into the company and look at if they could make a change .
Think about it 30 years ago , and I think it 's a little naive , but I really have this winning .
I also found that professors were wrong .
And in fact , I went back to the city and found that my company and the industry was , and I was not talking to my environment and it was n't for me .
You know , you can imagine a little bit of a conversation .
Some of the people in Wall Street think that these Rovers should be banned , and I should abandon the environment to fill a bath .
I was thought to be an impostor .
And I 'd never been to the top day , I was asked to stop the workforce , and I would have decided to stop and Greek .
And , of course , I do n't care about it , and I 'm also talking to the conversation of what we 're talking about today .
Now , what I 'm proposing is how much of it comes from ?
I mean , I think most people understand that we have to do something .
The good news is that we 're now trying to solve a problem about cars and environment -- it 's not just Starbucks , it 's all industry .
We 're going to drive the fossil Ocean to new .
Using using new technology , we 're reducing that , I believe , someday , it can overcome -- carbon dioxide .
We started selling payment , and it 's very good .
And the development industry is getting all the way to make all of the car resources , regardless of economic growth , social or environment .
In fact , despite our work , I still can still see two successful businesses -- the car and the environment -- a mood , a mood .
Unfortunately , even though we 're dealing with this big problem -- as I say , we have a long way to go to walk , but I can see that we are going to get to the other big issue , and we do n't even have to look at another problem .
I 'm very proud of funding free for people as well as the environment .
And this problem , using the simplest way , is a mathematics problem .
Today the world 's population is about 1.3 billion , and the numbers are going to fly into 90 billion dollars .
In this case , the Earth is faced with the limit of development .
So the population growth will cause a lot of real problems , and one of the problems is that the transportation is no control .
And if we move the population and the automobile , we get it out .
There are now about eight billion cars in the world right now .
More than the global population went down to the World Trade Center to expand to 20 billion cars .
This is going to be a global transportation station .
Think about what this affects for our daily lives .
In the average America , every one of Americans spent about half a year spent a lot of time , which is wasting a lot of time and resources .
It 's not just the biggest country in the developing world .
In the lexicon , every driver 's spending is five hours a day .
And last summer -- many of you can have seen this news -- China has a job for 11 miles a second .
Over the decade of the future , 75 percent of GDP will live in cities and 50 percent more than 50 million cities .
You can see how big we are .
And if you think of the population , it 's not going to be very difficult to see , we have the movement of moving the future .
Clearly , four million people drive up the road , and it 's still four to four cars , no commercially discipline .
What if we do n't do it today ?
And I think you 're going to get out of that .
It 's a symptom of one of the symptoms of this challenge , which is very handy to get into the challenge .
And the bigger problem is that global coverage will fund the capacity of economic growth , the ability to subsidize our health care services , especially to the people who live in cities .
Our quality of life will be diminished .
What 's the solution ?
The answer might be like this .
When I was inventing the T - shirt , I used to say , " If I asked people what they 'd like to do , they would say " we 're going to get faster , and so more of the cars ca n't get more .
And when the U.S. starts off , we do n't have a lot of traffic , but we make the lever .
In World War II , for example , we do n't have to build a pathway in the workforce , but we make local mosquitos .
And now we need to get the same kind of wheel to create a future for a future .
We need to create smart cars , and we also have to build smart roads , smart space and so forth .
We do n't want to take time to replace the time or find the bridge , or to search for space .
We need a system that 's going on , and the population of the data continues to follow the number of people , which is not going to be sterile , and it does n't have to be a lot of wood . "
Clearly , the system is able to ensure that the future self is moving freely freely .
To be happy , it 's all about different places in the world .
In southern Nigeria , the Highline in Wall Street is used to be able to communicate with each other at the top of the city .
And it 's a series of sidewalks .
And in New York City , 34 Street per Child is going to be the equivalent of a very large - knit system .
The Rift Valley and the fourth sector will be building this all the time , and it 's going to replace the city of the New York City to 20 minutes a hour .
You see a system where they have interesting systems , and they 're called " Thinking . "
And this system is going to take all of the trade - ups to a remote cost system .
So the parking is all the way , the transportation station works on the same system .
Now it turns out to be a lot of service in the world , and I think it 's very good .
They broke the wound , and they help save some wind .
These are great ideas that can cause our progress .
And what 's really really inspired me is what we 're going to get to talk about .
Soon , what we 're using today is using music , Entertainment and GPS , that will be used to build a smart car network .
I drove 30 miles from the morning from Anna Circle , where I went to the office and went on the workforce .
And I went home every night , and I was always overwhelmed by a lot of time .
And I had to leave the other way and find other things to go back home .
But very quickly , we can see the day of the automobile .
And if I was at the top of my car , Long Beach , which would immediately immediately get me out of the car -- so I could find the best way to bring back home .
And these systems are all attracted to testing them very quickly , and they 're used to work .
Cars connect the Internet , almost unlimited .
Think of the future , you can get into the tunnel , and your car is adjusted to a smart parking system .
And then , you get a car that 's in the car where you 're arriving in your car , and you do n't have to go to the city and look at the bridge and find a lot of the urban cars and the most large ones .
Or if you want to use smart phone calls in New York , you do n't have to be a smart one , so you do n't have to get a lot of gold in it .
Or if you look at the TED conference , your car is going to take you to the top of the future and select your best home , and you can leave the next one of your time and leave your next destination .
So this technology can transform millions of cars into a independent system .
Clearly , we 've got a problem of solving this big problem .
But it turns out it 's not a problem with CO2 emissions and fuel problems .
And the solution is not using more cars , and they build more roads or new housing systems ; the key to the problem , I think , is a global network .
I know that we can develop this technology that makes this happen , and we also want to look for solutions -- whether we 're using the tooling , or whatever we do n't think of .
We need the best , most intelligent members to solve this problem .
Companies , entrepreneurship , risks , they need to understand that this is a big opportunity and also a huge social problem .
And as those of these people who accept green energy -- I feel very surprised to see so much , money and excitement to the last three years .
We need to have the same passion and the power of the world .
We need to think of people like people who are similar to people .
And obviously , I need all of you to think about how you can solve this huge problem .
We need all sorts of people who are not just loans , but we need the government official to think about how they respond to this challenge .
This is not impossible to solve a person or an organization .
It takes a long time , and every country is so many of the countries in this country , because the solution is going to be much more important , but it 's going to be a lot of difference between the wind and the wind .
But we need to act something .
We need to design a infrastructure that has to support this intense flexible future .
You know , we 've been walking through a long way .
Since the Steven Peace Festival , most people do n't have to pay for more than 25 miles away .
PH : We have the choice of choice where we can live , and the freedom of work we want to go to ?
We do n't want to pause , lose this freedom .
We 're thinking about trying to tackle -- I said , I know what we 're looking at -- and that 's the big problem that we can look at .
Because it turns out that we can ensure that the freedom we 're doing is to make us enter the world .
If we were to solve this problem , this could actually improve our lives .
Because , if you can see the zero level of emissions , the world is going to be in the country , and the freedom of free , we do n't really know what today is going to do today today , right ?
I believe that we 're trying to take advantage of a big problem .
This is a serious problem .
Let 's do it .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/scott_kim_takes_apart_the_art_of_puzzles.html
By showing a series of interesting products , the most interesting product of the U.K. , U.K. and the design of Washington , and Paul Berners - Mann shares the idea of design .
arts , business , design , industry , industrial design
43
Paul Stamets : The details of design
AK : In fact , this is actually what 's called " universal , " " and " Hi " by the Grateful Dead .
And one of the things that 's going to be realized is that it 's about the Big Bang , " The Big " -- " the Great " and the system , the countries -- and all the individuals .
How do you connect them ?
And I think , yesterday , Chris Fowler is very clear that it 's necessary to bring the consumer to create things .
And that 's what I want to talk about today .
So , through the Red Brigades , I thought , this is our belief -- my belief , and a little bit of the way we 're doing it , in our work .
Specifically , especially in the U.K. audience , I 'm called it .
It 's a good idea , and you ca n't see , I think , many times , we 're doing the reflection of the mirror , say , " Oh , you 're , you know , look at what 's going on .
It 's not the case , I 'll give you an example .
This is a huge medical institution in Minnesota that we 've found us to express the experience of their patients .
And what I wanted to think about was -- they had a lot of training companies -- and I think they expected that they were the ones who were cheating and hundreds of bubbles , and the system , the systems , there was all kinds of diagram .
Or worse , the ballast that are full of thousands of people , all kinds of stuff .
And in fact , the first thing we do is we share this .
I 'm going to show you a little bit about your <unk> .
This is the title area .
It 's a place between two seconds .
Three seconds .
It 's going to happen . It 'll be a little bit closer .
Five seconds .
Five seconds .
Six seconds .
We gave them the video videos , and they all ask , what ?
And the point is , when you 're lying on a hospital 's lap , what you can do is look at the ceiling , and it 's really bad .
You need to put yourself in the patient 's point of view , and this is the Ministry of Defense .
He 's lying on the hospital 's bed , looking at a very long time in the ceiling .
That 's what it feels like .
And they were a little bit mad .
My God , from the perspective of the helicopter to rethink this situation -- not from conventional organizations to see -- is a great inspiration for them .
That 's a compelling thing to do .
So they 're very fast .
They said , well , it 's not a convergence .
It 's not just a big project .
It 's a very different thing to do .
So we 've been working with a little bit of small design design , which is a very small little detail .
And first of all , we had a little bicycle , and we put it on the hospital and it looks like if you were a nurse or a doctor , you could talk to them .
You can see them in your eye , and they create a little human interaction .
This is a little example of what they do .
What 's interesting about the nurses to do it , the nurse 's action -- said , well , what can we do with this ?
The first thing they do is recline .
And I thought this was -- recently I took this for my mother .
This is what I 'm thinking about now .
This is what I 've spent a living approach , just like the celebrities .
It 's not the world of designers , and these are n't the best design of design , but nevertheless , it 's great for humanity .
And what they 're doing with desperation -- such as the trajectory of the ground , says , " This is my room . It 's a very interesting problem .
So you go from the public area to the private sectors .
Another idea , from a nurse -- I love this idea -- they put the traditional company in the middle of the ward and put it on the wall and put it on the wall .
So you can go into the room and give it a little bit of view on the room .
And that 's how small these are , small , little solutions .
I think it 's a very , very good example .
Now , this is not a new idea , and it 's more like , you know , from all the things that are going on around them and then put them into solution .
The history of innovation depends on this .
And I had to look at it , because I would read it .
He saw her , the daughter of her daughter -- and he woke up on the test and said , " The TV shows the TV . "
It 's a country that 's been moved from one country to another , and he 's thinking about why this is all a long time to take a box to move the box .
So he invented the <unk> .
George Turner -- this is not the mosquito of the shoe , and it 's not in the front shoe -- with his dog , find a little bit of a piece of paper and dogs and the dog 's toes , so there 's a few of them . "
Eventually , British people , the U.K. Corporation -- this is a big invention in England -- and it 's a one of a day at the end of his car to see the eyes of the road .
And this is Antonio Sarnoff -- using your eyes , in fresh terms , and to create new possibilities .
Second , it sounds like a lot of fun , and this is the same thing : " In the Edge , the thing is going to be a good new discovery . "
It 's a matter of light .
So , it turns out it 's a little bit more noisy .
Here 's another example of medicine .
A device maker asked us -- we 've been working with a brain brain and a series of Legos .
In rodents , we 've created a lot of technical technology -- and they saw that they also need a new technology about healthcare .
This is a little bit of a nurse working on the hospital to do a spinal ward .
It needs a nurse input .
They expect to see the nurses constantly screaming this prototype , and this is incredible .
And when we look at the process , then I 'm going to explain why -- there 's a lot of problems that people have , and they do n't notice it 's there .
And when your spine takes a four - meter long , it 's the data that 's going to put it in this process -- and you can do it for pain . You 're very tired -- you suck .
So , almost every nurse is going to shake the patient 's bed , and they 're doing it . And this is what it 's going to do .
And based on this , we have n't had a lot of cool technology , but more human and practical . It 's this .
But anyway , it 's not all the way on the top of it , so you can get it out .
And to go back to our themes -- it 's just because small hands causes this device .
I think it 's very important .
It 's based on the idea of all around us .
We have this statement , " based on all around us " and feel like we 're looking at our local bodies , and I start to look at TED and see what 's going on here .
It 's a solution that people live in all kinds of problems -- and the normal things that we 're doing , which is the power of the unconscious , and it has a tremendous amount of work .
We recently recently surveyed a book , and some of you have seen it , called " Mozart . "
It 's all about what people do , but it 's a huge potential and opportunity .
Why are we going to walk into the line of line ?
This is a picture of Japanese grass .
And people constantly underestimate things , and they do n't know why .
Why are people going to fill up a red box on a railway station ?
It 's because we 're a little bit -- we have to do this .
It does n't matter , but it does .
PH : Why do we always put tea on the Houston pedal ?
We 're just using the world to create their designs .
We usually tell customers , " You should notice this .
It 's important , it 's very important . "
This is how people design their experience .
You learn a lot from learning .
We assume that if we put a cup of shelves , people can get it out , and we park it in there .
It 's a license .
We use systems to solve complex things .
We 've been able to get through the experience -- from one to another .
And one of my favorites said , " My mom told me : " Your brother jumped across the street , but you do n't have to jump together . "
But we 're all going to move out . We 're constantly going to other people .
Some people try to explain why : because people do something , it means they can do the same thing .
A lot of people have similar ideas .
I mean , plastic bag is a trauma of parking a lot of trauma .
Everybody understood these signals .
We communicate with visual methods , and even unaware of what we 're doing .
And the third part is about " Inconvenient , " of consciousness .
I usually talk about all sorts of reasons .
It 's just like the idea of heights , all of your knowledge , experience and experience .
I had a friend of designers in San Francisco , and a day , his boss asked him to design a furniture card for a kid .
This is a product of Hong Kong -- the most selling product of the family home .
It 's going to ring it together . If it 's a pair of shoes , because it is hard to assemble .
But still , how do you sell this to the children ?
And if you look at the age of children 's actions , you find that kids do n't want to put things up .
Kids have completely different ideas of adults .
They 're standing on the object , or they put it down .
And there is a way of thinking about the way that they understand the space of space and understanding what 's in the context of the celebrity .
So , first of all , you 've got to -- this is Graham Street , which is the designers -- and put it in the way of the kids , so he 's going to take off the table .
And what happens ?
This is the tool that he designed .
What 's this ? I hear you ask . No , I do n't hear .
So , I think this is a very cute design .
It 's a new approach to problems .
This is a solution to a emotional solution -- of course , it 's probably impossible to like this .
But that 's not the bright light , and I think it 's very simple .
Just to think about it in a different way , in TED , I hear one of the ideas , and the idea is how to put themselves in the position of somebody else 's view .
And using this feeling to solve this problem .
And I think that 's the main .
Last chapter : green Rover . We all have .
With this .
That means that it 's going to be the way that you think about it .
And that 's one of the themes I 've heard over here , and I just heard a couple of themes . How did we do ? How do we get ?
One time , a company at Kenya was commissioned to design a pump .
Now this company is a company called <unk> .
And as designers , we want to do it very well for the product , spend a lot of time to think about shape .
It does n't work .
And when you 're standing on the point of view , you 'll notice that this product is going to be folded , and you can put it in the bicycle and it 's more important to the way that it has to take place and the information needs to go from the local .
It needs to be completely from a user point .
We have to flip ourselves into the world .
It 's a very powerful kind of practical view .
And it works like a tunnel -- and the upside down .
Kids can use , adult adults , with adults .
And it transformed these people -- the other theme -- will transform them .
These are very simple use of pump .
And for us , it 's a good one because it has a lot of prize .
Eventually , we 've been working on the demand of our customers , satisfying the needs of different parts of the company , to allow them to be very good for the product of what we 're designing .
So that 's what the pump can do for 30 feet .
In the morning , we put it on every single one of the hands , and we put it on the line .
And the title of our grasp is to give you a prize , not the other one , but it 's another project .
Because this symbol is in our lives .
It 's important to be very important .
So , we put this MR . "
Hopefully you can wear it .
My talk is , thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/jose_abreu_on_kids_transformed_by_music.html
Narrator : A great insight to us in the Republic of elementary school elementary schools in India : the most important lesson for kids : " I bet ! "
children , education , leadership , social change , society
<unk>
Roger Shepherd : Enlist your children
infection is a silver lining .
Even in the rescue cases , I like this word .
It 's an infection , and the passion is spreading .
The inspiration is spreading .
We 've all heard some great stories about what they 're talking about .
But it 's the same thing that I 've been working on , which is that they 're all made of bacteria , and I call the virus " virus . "
So the question is , why can they be infected ?
Why is it that there 's a population of 100,000 people who have less than 100,000 people ?
Is it really fortunate ?
Can you have the plans , the conscious mind ?
Well , in the next eight minutes , I want to share with you what I 'm talking about .
When I only had 17 years old , I was called " karate II , " as a student in design school , and I had the big idea of thinking about my ideas and they really turned out to be the way I wanted to talk to me and discuss .
And I was very surprised , and it was so wonderful that it felt like that .
I wish I 'd been in seven years when I was seven .
So , 10 years ago , when I arrived at the University of elementary school , I started a school experiment , and I was there to create a process of design and design design , which is a process that I 'm inundated with .
And I do it ! That 's what if you take learning to the real world , and then you 're going to get a way of being able to do a process of cognitive importance , the kids will experience the way that they 're cognitive , they can see a change in this process , to change the change .
And they can go directly into the happiness of students .
Kids have more competitive people to do it .
And these are all the people , all of us know .
So , I 'm going to show you a little bit about how we 're doing this in Hong Kong .
Suffice to tell you a little bit about the background : our fifth grade students are learning about children 's classes , and they 're asked to make a device that they can use , using eight hours to work on the stock ward .
And the idea is , you 'll see their experience and the end of their own experience , and they 're very impressive and aware of this experience .
♫ Sobule : They 're playing ♫ ♫ they 're doing their homework .
Two hours later , they took them back to their back .
And once they felt that they had changed the city , and they were forced to convince every person in the cities that had to be banned .
And notice , his face changed because he knew he had changed the idea of the adults .
This is absolutely impossible to see in classrooms .
So , when it happened , he came from " The teacher , " and I 'm doing " -- and this is " Thinking Thought " thinking !
And this is a process of empowerment and nurturing .
But the parents were worried about " Okay , well , our kids could good work , " but math , science , English , what ? "
Buy me a prototype . "
We showed him . The real data shows .
When the kids were trusted and empowered to do one thing , whether they were n't really good at their right hand , they 're actually going to be able to work , actually , at the same time , that 's a very , very well - to - American choice , and it 's all about 2,000 years , the students and science , in the math , including the mathematics and the science .
So it works very well , and it 's supposed to be done .
So , eight months ago , October 15th , the child was getting out of the campus , and they were called " Adorable . "
Now , this is not the case of primary school elementary school .
This is a relationship with all the kids , so we 're not going to get rid of it .
Out of the hall , walked into the park , go out the sidewalks and go into all the companies , and we said , " What would you do ? "
" When are you going to take kids as a molecule ? "
In fact , it 's very simple , as you like kids open up and they communicate .
And guess what people respond ?
And from 2007 , every two months , the largest streets of the city park , and the temporary sail are the primary ones of their children .
This is the city telling her : " You can synchronize ! "
Think about that .
The streets were not in the streets .
There is a mismatch between what 's going on between us and the celebrities .
The street is a kid .
They 're going to play the street on the street .
They 're completely free for free , complete free .
♫ Sobule : Hold your attention ♫ ♫ Just a long - time group :
We 're proposing the other corner of the city .
♫ Sobule : Hold your head ♫ ♫ Hold a lot of time on the pedal .
There is a child in the world where the world is going to be a child .
Narrator : Now the city of America is taking care of their children 's future .
♫ ♫ Sobule : So it 's been thought to be in the city of India .
So , in order to make a model , the next one was about two children in elementary school .
And this is the three - plus - half - year - old , and it goes developing .
Now , throughout India .
So at eight o'clock in October 2009 , we had the same approach , and we said , " Oh , I ca n't say " ! "
What do you ask ? We 've done a simple tool translated into eight languages .
Just give kids very simple tasks .
We said , select a subject , whatever you 're talking about , and then find a couple of billion people a week to change the lives of life .
They do it ! And so the story of change is about the Indian story , all over India , and it 's going to be the birthplace of <unk> <unk> , and it 's going to be the birthplace of the Jill Hall , which is going down to the wind , right ?
The kids get a solution to the problem .
Get rid of a lonely feeling , repair the grass , and 32 percent of the students from the playground to get rid of their offspring .
And I 'd like to say , how incredible ? !
And it turns out that when adults think about trust , the kids say , " When you 're not talking about it , they 're not going to get off !
Take a look at " The Organization of Warcraft " in India .
So this is a small village , a little village .
Ideas : I 'm not going to be married , and I want to teach them how to write them .
For the first time , in a high - school era , at the University of elementary school and the streets , the streets of Chicago and the streets to tell the parents that they 're very important to their parents and to tell them to be a lot of a matter of what they are really important to get their parents to , to tell them to go to a very important way of doing their right hand , right ?
Check their parents up .
Narrator : That 's great .
We learned from kids and write , and it 's great .
Narrator : My students went to this event and I was very sure .
And I would never be scared .
See that ! They 've done it !
A school in Hong Kong .
Ideas : thunder , thunder .
We should collect it from scratch .
The girl boy , girl , walked out very hard , but they did it !
Narrator : They were a young man , and they did it .
And they took our community , and then we came back to the city and then the whole India .
This is a revelation for me , and I 'm not surprised to see that big energy .
Thank you , ladies and gentlemen .
And we have a lot of wonderful themes that we 've taken out of today , and it 's going to take money to buy a bad audience .
Do you ready ? Okay !
Are you ready ? Okay !
Are you ready ? Okay !
Okay , a little bit better .
street games , Houston sport , bipolar activity .
And I 'd like to say that they 're changing life .
Huh , amazing .
How can we avoid , but can we recover ?
Are you so passionate about it , energy and so on ?
I know it 's obvious , but I have to end up with a great change in a very powerful way , and he 's a <unk> .
70 years ago , one person in the country was a force called " My Eagle Song " .
And so today , who 's going to try to fill this burden for a hundred million children in the U.S.
And the last time I heard about it , I said , " We , India , right ? "
So , who can we have ?
Do n't you know , do n't it ?
Poignancy is a good word .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/joshua_walters_on_being_just_crazy_enough.html
Sheena architect on the architect , using his own work to show how computers can help architects , and beautiful , beautiful things , " Zero " -- in Germany .
architecture , green , sports
<unk>
It 's Valencia .
As a architect , you 're using the past for the last time for design , and it 's not the future of the bad news .
Green Foundation may be the most important subject , and people are focusing on what people are thinking about .
And I want to share with you a couple of years in the last 40 years , and this year we 've celebrated our 40,000 anniversary -- one to talk about sustainability .
Can you expect more and more , what 's going to happen to the back , and what is threatened ?
And I think -- I 've been in the course of a couple of years , which is that the concept of the green Foundation is not to be an oxymoron .
But I never said that , but what I 'm talking about is that the environment is really meaningful .
I mean , all the concepts of the eco - concepts are the way to celebrate the lifestyle of life and the space of choice and space .
I actually did n't know anything , so , if I could , I 'm going to get to the end of the article last year , and then someone has introduced this idea about how many people are , as a matter of a very important observer , the writer , a writer named Christopher Christopher , who 's a guy named Georg McCarthy .
And he said , I think the most important lesson in 2006 is that you know the concept of the environment .
And this year , we 've got a long time of life , and design , design and manufacturing and production all the time . People are beginning to understand citizens , entrepreneurship and government , the most critical , most most responsible thing to do .
So my urging : environmental red is new , white , blue . "
Looking at me asking me , " Raise Earth and Earth ? "
I 'd like to go from the ' 60s ' 20 ' ] , that was , the first time , humans came back to the earth .
In a way , it 's a colonial word to create that word .
Before the cosmologist , I was very privileged to talk about a lot of the Russians in San Francisco and other places .
Interestingly , I came back to the first time , and they were the first real real estate .
They 're a passionate passion for the problem , and it 's a problem for the problem .
This time -- a little bit of a sudden .
And dengue fever is the equivalent of a kind of global leaders -- it 's also not been created .
He was a design scientist , and if you want , it 's a poet who expects everything 's happening .
Oh , this is another talk .
You can see his work very well .
At the time , Tolstoy was predicted to attract attention to focusing on the citizens , the civic citizens of the planet , and the thing that I was doing was what I was doing .
There are a couple of projects .
And I had this because it was in the general scheme of the Great communist Islands .
This may be an accident , and this is the worst of the Earth .
There 's a little bit of this kind of trait on the board .
Those are the things that are shaped by our lexicon , and you know , 30 years later , the wind , dengue fever , solar cells -- solar cell cells .
And there is a special design party .
Those who really have the design of design , the dynamics of the people who are going to be the effect of what 's going on , and what he created for the ethanol company in Bukavu .
This is what 's happening in the 1960s ' 60s .
Whether it 's predicted to confirm everything all the time , and technology will create a fantastic logic -- close to the emotional , practical -- very hard to imagine what we see in this picture .
And they 're going to be your size size .
And I think digital revolution is going to take a lot of people right now , and so many of the people in the world , in fact , to the real world of reality , which is that the number of world has been made , so the digital world is the direction of <unk> and the form of pattern .
It might be a diamond or usable to summarize , like we 've been given pleasure to enjoy the willingness of enjoying the secret , a more dramatic development , and it 's amazing to be inspired .
A very , very beautiful object .
In the ' 50s and ' 60s , the interesting thing is that it 's common .
Compare the iPod to the Mecho - Geckos and a very , very interesting way of thinking , and the year of 2007 is that there 's a lot of fun to do with the <unk> of the TV , which is a piece of liberation that 's going to be the hallmark of things that the bees can get on the board , so it 's an unintended product .
And I think we 're very easy to zoom in , whether the architects or the design process of design , will think of solving problems in architecture .
The building is important , but they 're just part of the big scenes .
In other words , I 'm going to try to figure out , if you can do something that 's impossible , for example , you could design a house with a house house .
It would be solutions .
Unfortunately , it 's not a solution .
It 's just the beginning .
You ca n't build up buildings from the bedrock of urban and transportation .
For example , if , by inspired our arteries , we 're going to take a step back to looking at the Earth , and we see a typical , industrial society , energy , transportation -- and the industry , the transportation pedal .
But again , this is just the whole part .
And if you take the architecture and the transportation sector , where people go to other places , people move , and 70 percent of the energy energy is going to work with the city and the infrastructure .
And the problem with this is not that the city of architecture is disconnected from architecture , which is part of the urban city .
For example , you take two cities , and a new city , I say , simple , a city of North America -- a lot of a North American city .
The city of the city is spreading over the way , and more , more than a lot of roads , even more energy consumption in the tunnel -- so that the shops , as it wo n't be people , just as if it 's not just the birthplace of people .
And if you 're going to take it to a city of East Europe , a great choice of choice , which is a lot of choices , and it 's a huge amount of urban , much more than 10 percent of the energy , but it 's just a lot of energy .
In other words , you look at these kinds of examples , and it 's a huge amount of energy .
And basically , if you want to reframe it , you can say that in the bottom line , energy energy is more likely to reduce it .
Of course , you ca n't walk into the diversity of social diversity , and the cities of the city , the space of the city of the city .
But what you can see is that the yellow portion is in the top , and it 's a tremendous amount of consumption , Copenhagen in Copenhagen .
In Copenhagen , although it 's a population of density , the urban cities are not quite dense .
In 2000 , a really interesting thing happened .
You see , the first time you saw about five or a half million cities , you start in developing countries .
Now , at 46 typical cities , there are massive cities in the developing world .
So you ask yourself -- for example , China or India , what kind of dynamic it is .
If you take China , or just a couple of examples , you look at its transportation , and you can see that the pollution of the automobile is so cheap when the cars are cheaper .
In other words , if you have 1,000 cars a day , it 's what 's happening -- the data shows the world 's most important car market .
This is a staggering leap of urbanization .
If , if , as we think of ourselves as the continuation of the bridge , it took about 200 years to spend a lot of time , and the same process goes 20 years .
I 'll tell you a little bit about it quickly .
What 's interesting about this is that about 60 years , we 've seen that life expectancy has accelerated , in urbanization , in urbanization .
If we look at the world , in the same period of time technology , technology is a tool of designers , and I 'm going to take advantage of my company as an example , which is the example of how to measure the change in technology ?
How do technology influence a design design ?
Specifically , how does it take us to create energy , and how much more , more social responsibility ?
The story happened in the late ' 60s .
One of the examples of an enterprise building is a company called Christopher Intelligence and Teller , where the business town in England , in the U.K.
First of all , you saw this building on the top , like a very warm diameter garden , a public space .
In other words , this communal garden garden .
And the idea of human thinking is very bleak in these kinds of work , maybe if you look at the early towers , when you see the stars , you have to do it with nature .
Nature is one of these building generators and projection .
The gecko 's color is green and green .
It also has the transportation station and the facility , and there 's a lot of time , there is a social center and a space , you can go to nature .
That was the design of 1973 .
In 2001 , this building was a prize .
It 's a very long time for a long time .
build it together : the DARPA departments , the World Trade Organization .
They said that the building was always saying to the future , and it did n't make a lot of money .
So , let him humor him a little bit .
And the picture on the top , if you look at it , it actually tells you that you can get this building on this facility .
This building is a building for change .
1975 in 1975 .
When the pictures were a computer .
And they all said , it 's our competition to build a building with a new technology .
We are very fortunate because our buildings adapt to future future .
It depends on changing .
It was about doing this building before the design of the building , and it was taken out of print .
I wrote , and I said , " But we do n't have the time , we really have no competition . "
In other words , we did n't have a technology that was really interesting to build it .
So for example , create a kind of dynamic bubble -- a very interesting place , and you can breathe and reduce it .
Although , in fact , this building is also a green building in green buildings .
What 's interesting about it is that it 's more interesting to be able to celebrate and celebrate .
The Library of free students last year is a example of one .
It turns out that it 's a computer - based loop .
And it highlighted a lot of equipment , and the amount of light that 's going on in the form is the way that the library is exposed to a library , a massive power and it can also work in nature .
Interestingly , it 's the love of users .
And this brings us back to the idea of life , from a way of thinking about the ecological issue .
It 's not a sacrifice , but it 's the opposite .
I think the environment is a great thing to celebrate .
You can measure the availability of the environment , the energy energy of this building to the typical library of the building .
Let me give you another environmental technology in the background -- this building in Switzerland .
Using the most traditional construction industry -- because it 's technology and computer help , the high - tech structure , which is a very advanced building .
And if you look at this technology , it turns out that it 's going to morph into the air and transfer information to the factory .
Researcher out Switzerland in Switzerland -- just to a little factory in Germany , and you can see that there 's a guy standing on the street , where the air blows up .
And what 's on the left is that the machine is used to cut a piece of building every unique building , and just leaving a very small scale of the workers .
And what 's interesting about this is that the building is going to put it in the most ancient technology , which is like a kind of skating gait .
It 's about 25 million dollars a second to finish the surface .
Again , the architecture of architecture is the space that we 're enjoying there and looking at .
I hopped up here to talk about these new technologies , and what happened ?
I mean , what 's the life of a cell phone , and sometimes what happens ?
And of course , architecture is a good thing .
This is the inside of 1979 , in 1995 , and it turns out that they can convert sunlight into the center of space .
In no computer circumstances , you have to make a balloon .
For example , let 's put models in the sky .
And for the sake of the day , we actually put it on the shelf , and it 's going to take long steps and so on .
For us , faced with our first computer .
We were exploring the subway as well .
This is the fourth iteration of the Congo River , which is very typical , very large , big roof , completely controlled the sun , a lot of machines , and a large adhesive .
The green line , the green Rover , with natural resources , is a very good space -- you know you 're there , and you 've got the wrist .
And the whole iteration of this is that it does n't need light -- because the lighting enclosure can generate heat , and it 's going to increase the burden .
That 's the particular time that 's a regular independent computer .
And that 's the facility where the Institute of Michigan River .
1990 , not the old year . It 's our office .
If you look at it carefully , you 'll see you use a ruler , and they 're still using big boxes and dials .
That 's not a long time , 17 years , look at us right now .
It 's a huge shift .
When it came back , there was a female named Heidi , and she was going to have all the data on it .
Now , every week , our data was the same time as Gagarin , and the future of all projects , all of our projects .
It 's more than 21 miles , and the sky is the sky .
This is what you see from the far slow down .
But now , you know , like Al Gore , all of this is saying that the temperature will not stop , in this case , the interesting thing is , it 's fun , and that 's what they 're all talking about .
We have the project of our Berlin Foundation , and I think it 's a problem with a public space , which we want to find on the way that the environment is , to interpret society and interpret the relationship , the public realm , maybe in a hidden issue , that is not going to require fuel , it does n't need to be the power of fuel .
Use it to be energy .
Again , human rights , become public space , but part of this ecosystem .
But we do n't need a model of making .
Obviously , there is a terrain , but now the computer technology is going to explore , to exploration , and to see how it will work in nature . And we can simulate the space of the natural forces and discuss the environment .
Bio- , underground layer , burning the wings -- this is a process of design design , which is interesting , and it 's interesting to the Russians .
We use this to translate the techniques that are clean , almost zero pollution .
You can measure it again .
You can compare this building every year per year -- at the project , that 's 7,000 tons of gas , and use gas to use the gas pedal , with 450 tons .
Reduce million -- almost zero pollution .
We see the same design , and it depends on being natural , you can simulate the garden , rotate the form of the garden .
But again , for life and the quality of the life -- a place that allows us to be able to go to the place .
And we can measure the power of these energy factors .
And in these projects of projects , the Swiss , in the U.K. , has to get closer and closer to this kind of development .
This is a series of images going on .
And the first thing that 's going on , I think , is that it 's interesting that you 're seeing circles and circles everywhere .
What 's the way it 's going to fit the same big space ?
So , for example , you can go to a building block in the sidewalks , and you could build the same size .
Finally , you draw a string of curves .
These are kind of the same green lungs , the light points , light , it makes architecture more fresh .
And then , you 've got something that 's anti - compliant , and it 's going to put the whole towers up , which is the root of the grass -- and again , with some Zyprexa , the design of what 's called a custom - based identity that has a unique identity .
And if we look at how this building turns out , we use the computer , and we can simulate it .
It also has the capability , regardless of how much the wind is , to maintain the building and the height .
For traditional buildings , the top part of architecture is a celebration .
It 's not a place where it 's going to work .
The bottom side is the public space .
Compare it to the typical building , if we try to use this design strategy , what 's going to happen ?
I 'm going to talk about two companies the photographs of projects .
You know it 's dying .
sea level is down , sort of like the Grand Canyon .
The sea sea is obviously obviously more than the ocean of the ocean .
And then there was a plan of saving money , and the transportation station was sometimes going to be a lot of time , sometimes to put it out of the shelves .
And our idea is , using knowledge of the past 40 years , if you do n't have to replace the ballast , it 's a piece of paper ?
Would you like to look at where it is , and it 's going to be in the same place , the environment , the sub - sea , and the agricultural ?
In other words , the water is life .
And if you go back to the original image , you see this kind of design area , an international coalition , which is probably possible to bring mosquito nets together , and for the most fundamental reason , in the remotest purpose of the environment .
And so extreme infrastructure is also communication .
Whether in the world of virtual worlds , communication is the center of society .
In the world of growing , what we 've been able to tell you is that some of the places I 've talked about -- China , in the next 10 years , will build 400 new blocks in the future .
What would the property be ?
How do you make a larger property for the environment ?
In fact , I described that it 's a digital era , because you always have an idea .
If we move this into the Chinese society , what happens ?
What 's interesting about this is that it 's going to be a very big building .
This is the biggest project on Earth .
250 -- excuse me , five hours of work work 24 hours a week .
It 's bigger than the bed nets , which is the equivalent of the availability , and the Tibetan Plateau .
And the challenge of this is to implement a green building , even though it 's a tremendous amount of time , and it has to be a little bit of a matter of dealing with the goal of the human race , which is that the kindness of kindness is very , very relevant to life .
And maybe , it would be a space to celebrate .
Think about it as a railway station , and we talked about the conversation , talking about cities .
To say , " These are all new cathedral . "
In a sense , part of this talk is that when I say a little bit about China , it 's the green ideal and ideology .
And I said to myself -- in that case , it 's like 2006 to 2007 , and maybe , the future is the most powerful , innovative countries .
Like the verb , " We put people on the moon . "
And what 's going to happen is that we 've been able to get out of the fossil fuels , get rid of the wind and the power of the <unk> regime .
This is a good platform .
It 's just a device , you know , it can recline .
And I 'd like to say a notion that I think these ideas are probably probably coming from other countries , more countries -- China , India , the SARS mosquito .
Thank you very much .
214
Anil Ananthaswamy shows the inventor of the developing world in developing developing countries -- those who are surrounded by the poor , and their ability to change a lot of people 's lives -- and he shows how the Web is going to help them to build the tools that they need to make .
creativity , entrepreneur , innovation , invention , poverty
<unk>
Anil Ananthaswamy : A invented of Indian growth
And I gave you a news , and it 's about tens of millions of people who live in villages and places in a country where they do n't know a lot of problems about their genius , but there 's no set of help .
As we were in our country , we announced a couple of weeks ago , and a war for three - quarters of the war , which he talked about about 200 places , there was no funding management , but he stopped a little .
In the last 21 years , we 've been predicting a thing that some people might be poor , but they 're not going to do it .
In the ' 60s , the edge of the owner is not a sterile conceit .
And it was the idea of efficacy that we had 31 years ago .
What did we start ?
And let me tell you that simple , it 's my personal journey , and it shapes me .
In 2006 , I was in the middle of the Rift Valley and judged how to help scientists and work on the workforce and if you go to the developing world , and that 's based on a lot of people .
1986 , I went back .
I was inspired by the knowledge and creativity of my country in this country , and that country has about 60 percent of the population , but it 's phenomenal .
I started looking at my job . The job I 've done for the last 10 years , almost every time , is that people share the knowledge .
Now , I made dollars for dollars , as a consultant , and I looked at my government and asked me to ask me , " Is that a connection to the people that are going to make it possible for people who have this possible knowledge of knowledge . "
Because I have smart feedback , or [ unclear ] ?
Because I 'm good enough ?
I 'm a good dancer ?
Do I know if I analyzed data ?
Because I 'm a professor , or , is n't it my reward ?
I tried to convince myself , " No , no , I 'm going to change policy .
You know , public policy is more interested in the needs of the poor , and that , I think , is good . "
But I found that I 've been working on the research of replacing the animation , was demolished , and I realized that maybe I was also a <unk> , because in my income fisheries , there was no way to show that the money was happening because the people had to offer their wisdom , their faith with trust and trust .
Well , so much of my work was English .
Most of the people I 've been involved in .
I said , " What did I do ? "
And I 'm talking about social justice , and I am a specialist expert at the most time , from people who get knowledge , let them get them , I know , because they have a lot of money to make a commentary that I 've written in a magazine and publish it to a meeting , revealing all meetings .
And then , in the idea of thinking , if I was a vegetarian , it 's not right , life ca n't go .
And this is a very painful moment because I ca n't live on this .
So if I went to look at the morality of social and management research , I was able to read about 100 reports of reading , reading about 100 reports .
And I got a conclusion that even though it was special , it 's not unique , but it has to be very special .
And a day -- I do n't know what to show -- when I go home from office to office , maybe I see a bee in my mind , if I could be an bee , life might be beautiful .
And the bee 's work is : they kiss , they get nectar , and they train the other flower , to pollinate pollinate .
And when it gets the nectar , it 's not going to be difficult .
In fact , dengue fever is due to the smallest colors of color , and the bee does n't keep all the ballast .
The bee society has three rules -- which is whatever we learn from other people , and that stuff has to do with their language and their people sharing .
They have to get recognized and not ignore .
And I had to tell you , 20 years later , I focused on this behavior in my professional career .
And it makes me feel that I 'm still a tragedy of this behavior , and I hope all of you are going to be able to do it for the rest of the world to make it .
American health care research or the Institute of U.K.
Or the Indian Science Foundation did n't ask , no matter what you learned from other people to share with them .
What we 're talking about is a social society , a society that is fair , and we do n't even have a lot of justice in knowledge .
And India hope it 's a knowledge society .
How do you make a knowledge society ?
Clearly , we ca n't have two different kinds of defense systems , one to give ourselves , a given statement .
This is the same system .
There is no force .
It 's not just the value of self - interest , and the values of everyone 's values .
So , <unk> is not cut .
Look at this picture .
Can you tell me where it 's taken out , and who would you say to me ?
I was a professor , I had to go to them .
Anybody ? Even guess ?
Sorry ?
Anil Ananthaswamy : But what 's it being like ? What was it used ?
Sorry ? Sorry .
You know , you 're right . We have to give him a encouraging , because this guy knows how much we know about our government .
Look at this . This is the area of Dusty .
It attracted a lot of tourists to watch our country .
I 'm really sorry about me .
This is a beautiful picture -- or is it bad ?
It 's completely unsolved .
There 's a woman walking on the head for the first time , and even hundreds of miles , you ca n't be happy for this .
We have to do something .
So let me tell you that all of technology we have now , hundreds of millions of women , still need to use their head to carry the water .
We do n't ask ourselves .
You slept with tea every morning .
Think about it a little bit time .
Now , Steve Jurvetson , Fox <unk> . You know that this is a series of movements ? This has a set of action , and it 's a little bit of a group of women who put it on the tip .
Just as long as you do it , you 'll see how painful it is .
And she needs to repeat a thousand .
Your lunch diet , you 're going to eat it today , and it 's a woman that 's made up of a very bizarre posture , hundreds of millions of women , each of which , when they strike it , they 're light on their feet .
The feet accumulate the organism , infection , and infection is painful because the insect is erasing .
And every year , 46 percent of roads are cut .
Nobody invented this machine .
So the irony of a scientist , technology of technology , the bold status of public policy , public centers , and this led to our eyes , ca n't keep the future of society .
It 's not our Congress , and you know . We have labor programs . Two billion people get 100 days from this country .
What do you do ? They get the rock and they adjust it .
We asked government Congress , who was the human mind ?
The poor got legs , and they do n't have the head , but does n't it ?
The bee network was built in the middle of the poor .
But what happens ?
Steve , do n't have a face , no names , people connect to the network and then get a identity .
That 's how bee networks work .
And the network is growing , and they continue to grow self - growth , but also trying to figure out the power of our country and the world of other parts of the world .
They might be the innovation of education ; culture 's innovation ; the institution of innovation , but our work is modern technology , and the creative innovation has a traditional medium .
And they all started curiosity .
They all start curiosity .
This guy , we met , you 'll see , Houston , and he 's a community , he has a hope .
He said , " If I wish to be true -- and somebody has been sick and they need to go -- " God , please cure him .
If there is a silver ball , I 'm going to stick on the wall . "
And this is what he looks at .
Somebody talked yesterday about it yesterday .
There is no more mistake than the design of the human needs , because the poor people are able to get a lot of money .
In contrast , and all the great ones , all these great crises , they 're all poor and they have a big reason .
To give you a sense of what the material needs to be , you need to think about your mental needs .
Anybody can get this to the opposite , they need to be able to get it to do that that they can fix their <unk> .
Look at this .
We saw that every six months we were going to go to India .
In the last 12 years , we went down to 40 kilometers .
And at the end of the road , I find these dry oil vessels , they can be fuel .
You see this woman , she 's standing up and down the wall , and the gecko 's drawing a painting .
This is the only place that she can play for herself .
And she was great .
And if you look at this woman , Ernest Friedman , who 's at a level of gravity , and we 've been working on the place where we 're walking there , we just heard the pain of the suffering and the worst stories that we have .
You know , they were able to do this with Legos .
Look what she did .
And the whole wall is a game , and she 's wearing a pen sitting there .
Was she a leader or a artist ?
Clearly he was an artist ; she was a very creative man .
If we could have these artists , we would n't just hire them to dig them down or 38 .
They 're going to be able to get a good job because they 're not really good at all .
See what the spike was done .
And on the vertical axis of the tunnel , a lot of people sell off the board , and the market is obviously limited to the limit .
You can sing for tea every morning , and you can get it out .
So he thought , " Well , we ca n't put it into a rectangle .
It 's only a couple of hundred dollars .
A lot of people put their ballast indoors , plus the fertilizer and the grubs , and then you can get it out of the way .
It 's a real and cheap adhesive .
Look at what the spike is doing .
Many people do n't have enough water supplies .
So this guy 's got these two wheel - up lines .
And if you have 500 gram , 1,000 grams , that machine can help you .
Think of the problem of poor people .
They have some of their own needs for energy , cost and quality to cost .
They do n't want the quality or the product product .
But what they wanted to do is they need to get them to the right technology .
This is what it 's doing .
But he did n't do it too well . Look at him .
If you have a clothing , he can give you a washing machine with two wheels .
There 's a couple of wheel - up machines .
He 's going to be in your front door to your door .
And my water and the waiter , I can be able to eat your breath , just for one Rover , and a new business model .
Now we need to have a little bit of people who can make a commercial scale .
Look at this .
Looks like a beautiful picture .
But you know what this is ? Anybody guess ?
The people in India know , of course .
This is a lamp .
It 's a filter maker .
So what 's going on here ?
One is , you know , it costs about about 250 , six to six , six , six , six dollars .
This is a cure for less than one dollar , and it 's a kind of a food mat .
And the best place is , when you get a very expensive piece , you eat a matter of something called mud , or something like this , because , after a few hours , the object disappears .
You go to your stomach . He did n't invent it .
You know , but here , this Rover is n't going to be you .
So this is more . It 's safer ; it 's cheap ; it 's all .
They do n't have to be a solution to the poor , and it does n't necessarily have to be a solution or a number of people .
It 's better , it 's more efficient and it has to be cheaper .
This is what it 's doing .
You have a license to design this .
Just one dollar , you can get a better choice than this market .
This woman , she developed a hardware store .
We helped her to make a patent .
Anybody know , some people inspire this technique to use this technology and develop the product of choice , and she will get the income .
Now , let me tell you a little bit about it . I think we need to develop a model that 's different in this country and the world , and it 's going to be very efficient and so on .
It 's better to cope with sustainable sectors .
They want to expand , but it 's really not enough to get the rest of the people , and the power is n't enough enough .
Why is somebody willing to adjust the response to this ?
And things can expand , and it has been scaling .
For example , the cell phone : the country has four billion dollars .
Now , maybe I just use two buttons , three functions .
He has 300 ; I get 300 . I 'm just in three , but I 'd like to have it , so that kind of pattern can expand .
But if I had to find that , obviously , I need to design different kinds of mobile phones .
What I 'm talking about is slavery should not be a dynamic enemy .
And the world has to have a method for the most important scheme for local ideas , and even find a way to encourage this .
And one of the most great examples of research is that there are a lot of investors who ask this question -- " What 's the design model ? " -- and they just think of a community that 's in the space and the time , and it 's just not the law to give them , because they 're not going to be a sterile picture .
And the upshot of that is that you reduce your needs , and you 're being neglected or you are awake .
The famous trail basically told you a little bit about a lot of books , like , for example , selling a model of a dynamic model .
We have to find a way to get people to focus on their wisdom , and we 'll invest in the combination of a lot of different people , to go into a very small number of people .
Look what he 's doing .
It 's a great guy .
In the 70 year , he did a very creative thing .
Narrator : I ca n't wait again .
I had to meet my wife .
My despair made me become an inventor .
Investor and gentlemen need technology .
Innovation is my wife 's rights , right ?
My innovation was my life .
My technology .
Narrator : It 's a guy who 's at the bottom of the wing , and the people who are at the bottom row .
And the great guy , but he still needs to sell , in this age , with the headrest and the honey , to money , because he does n't have to convince the people to be the DARPA Mountains , the DARPA Corporation .
We do n't really convince anybody who 's been waking up a couple of years ago , and people have to walk 20 miles and see , you 're going to go and look at this , because you ca n't go to the corner of the car because your transportation does n't walk anywhere .
So we 're going to take it to a problem that 's an anti - arsenal of electrical devices , which is the equivalent of a sell device , when you need to drive the cables in a different way .
But this idea is a silver lining ; there is a silver lining .
What do you do ? Unfortunately , unfortunately , I 've got a message , but she 's leaving a information message .
A very powerful information component : I looked at the world every day .
It was n't like a coconut hit my head and I figured it out .
There was no money to do my research , and I was able to do it .
Now , they call me the local cows .
My technology .
Narrator : A lot of you may not find and believe that we 're selling this product to the world -- I call it the Personal Genome Project .
A trained professor in the University of Michigan , who was the female , was a railway station because she wanted to study a variety of diversity .
And this is a device that allows her to get a lot of a pile of samples from the airport , and it 's not going to be very , very difficult , but she has to use this machine with more machines and her students .
So , you see , we 're standing in the frontier of science .
Yves Behar invented ...
You can go to YouTube and find India , and then you find these videos .
When she was just 10 or a half years ago , a <unk> and a circuit cable .
Mr. Heifetz is a silver lining , and he 's only half a dozen dollars .
But it has changed the driver 's actions to help him .
This is a invention from the Ministry of Defense Corporation .
This guy , Mr. Heifetz .
And what we 've been talking about , the friend of Brazil , how do you go to the Chinese and Brazil ?
And we 're particularly in a very conversational network , but also in Brazil and the rest of the world .
This is a piece of wood that you ca n't find in other places .
India and China have the highest amount of debt .
But this was happening in Brazil .
And the point is , we do n't have to adapt to it , and we should not believe that it 's a good idea for our countries to have good ideas .
No , we need to use information from the poor to learn where they are .
Take a look at the invention of the Winky Dink Survey : nuclear panels , bike - powered powers .
I ca n't change the ballast ; I can make steel points .
That 's what the Italians are .
In South Africa , we have helped the inventor , and we can share with the colleagues of the South African , who are the ones that are going to be a symbol of choice .
They engineered this .
It has a 30 , 40 PSI , and this is how it works .
Put it down , and the car loses a bird .
This is in China . This is a girl breathes .
This three - acre sat down and said , " How do we keep this girl in village ? "
They had no relationships , but they tried to find the answer , how we use washing machines , and they used a motorcycle , they built a rectangle .
And this is a map of her life , and it was a lot of people who greeted it .
We have all kinds of invent .
A car costs six million miles .
In the meanwhile , it 's going to be <unk> .
You ca n't find this car in America or Europe , but it 's in India .
Now , this woman , she used to put on the Rift Valley .
One day , six times , she had to do it until the first two years .
Seven years of philanthropy , that 's what she did .
She said , " Change your career . "
He said , " I ca n't . This is the only thing I know , but I 'm going to invent a machine , and it can solve your problem . "
This is a machine that 's been done in San Francisco .
And this is exactly what we 've been talking about : " Give me a <unk> , " I can move the Earth . "
I 'm going to tell you that I 'm also in the competition of creativity , including all kinds of things .
We put things into the world , and we go from Ethiopia to America to any place .
The products went into a few places .
The knowledge of these people makes healthcare to be possible .
And here , a company inspired by using this technique technology , and the picture of the designer , which is that the user is able to look at it and tell the customers , " You can be a custom .
If you have a idea , send us a little idea . "
Anyway , the vision of imagination is important , knowledge matters , and innovation is inspired by innovation .
And it 's not just the dynamics of the matter of matter , and the mental dynamics .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/roz_savage_why_i_m_rowing_across_the_pacific.html
The lighting designer has shown you a little bit about the World Trade Center shows a world that looks at the world -- and it 's not going to ignore the role of light , and the way it does n't ignore a dark side . And it shows you the classic example of what 's going on on the side of your hand . He shows the magic example that you 're looking at .
architecture , design
<unk>
Jonathan Drori on light : light and dark color
Here 's a great piece of wonder , " The Air Force light , born in the light bulb , and the construction shield . "
This is not my sentence .
This is the famous architects of a famous architect .
And this is what you can see here , what he 's talking about , is that it 's one of the beautiful buildings in French , the French church , that the light works in the dark .
And that 's what 's going on at the next 18 minutes , and it 's not the right thing about the amount of light to fit into the cosmos .
We 're all at the top of the office .
And as long as you think of the standards of this , you should think that the lighting is supposed to be so expensive .
We 're using the light bulb on the wall with the wires and the walls .
This is a design that I showed you a little bit about the design of what I 'm talking about .
And if we have this competition and the standards of the cube , Mr. Heifetz would not be like this , because it 's a lot of light in the same way , and that 's the kind of dark light that is just going to look like a dark line on the back .
This is what the Ross Area like to do with San Diego , which is a little bit of a lot to enjoy what I 'm designing .
And this is not a very good job of a food diet that 's more than a mosquito of food , and it 's really the design of the building that he really meant to be the spirit of their mental identity .
And he 's in this building that you can see that the sky will enjoy sunlight .
So he designed these wonderful buildings even even though you see the sky as well as the sun , and that kind of architecture gives us a lot of pleasure because it unites the light of light and shadow .
Plus , it 's the sunlight .
The picture of this sun is shown by the side of the Sun , but remember all the energy on the planet is coming from the sun . It 's a form of energy .
Sun is dynamic , and it suppresses light .
We created beauty in our environment , as this building , at the University of Michigan , in Los Angeles , from the U.K. Corporation , and the design team of England , which is used in a lot of the way in the roof , so many of this design is made in this space of light .
And so they can also feel the sunlight .
And what they 're doing is that they use this key architecture to improve the texture of the outer space .
And here you can see that they design the shape of this shape , and they 're not going to get into the light .
And what you can see is that their entire design process has set up the laws of physics together , and the combination of these 25,000 blocks , the process to the whole architecture of the whole building .
Narrator : When design came out , they had some perfect places .
And you can see , here , there are light on the floor , but they can immediately determine where it comes from .
They were really happy to really enjoy the real sunlight , enjoying the good side of the sun .
Of course , you have a whole variety of ways .
It could be like this , as well as this kind of weird , that it 's actually the case of the United States in southern America , and the U.S.
It 's too heavy to look at the sun , so people think of this funny way .
And I 'd like to introduce you to this picture that this image shows the performance of the sun , and the light is going to go into the mass of these artificial environments that allow us to live good .
It 's a light saber in the same way , and it 's based on the equivalent of dark matter , because it does n't matter if you 're looking at it .
And here I 'm going to show you a very different kind of office that 's completely different from the office , and it 's a good office for a team called " The White " .
Working in green , or business business .
They really did their business , and they did n't use a spontaneous lighting .
It 's just packed in the position of the wall , and it 's a huge amount of light that 's going to take the high quality of a high - performance office and a very small change .
So , when you work , sometimes light is a smooth sometimes and sometimes bright bright .
But the human eyes can be very well adapted to all these light changes , and it 's that light that allows the whole system to do it in maneuverability , but to improve our lives .
I 'm going to talk to you today .
His name is Richard Kelly , who was born for a hundred years ago , and this is why I 'm going to put him in this year because it 's a 16th anniversary anniversary .
In the 1930s , Richard Kelly was one of the leading ideas of modern art .
And he proposed three concepts , the focus of light , which is a very , very different concept , and this is the three - dimensional concept of design , that these three pieces are a beautiful experience .
So let 's take attention to light .
The notion of focus is that the light bulb is going to be a light saber in space that people find in this light .
Or this is the light - based light that he did for " universal . "
You go into the walk , and you think , " Oh , it 's too much of this . "
For me it was a little bit like a San Francisco , and I 'd like to talk about it here .
It 's focused on the surface of an actor to focus on actors .
The focus of light can be used across the vertical axis , and the sun is just a little bit of a small part of the land .
Or like the Atacama sector today , the industry is used to light up the commodity , making a kind of atmosphere to make you a little bit .
The environment is completely different .
Richard Kelly was able to think of it as a kind of space in infinite space , and all of the details are stuck on this limitless space .
In my opinion , it 's a very , very uncomfortable light that allows people to relax .
It could be this : this is the U.K. Science in London , the Japanese Science Museum .
And the final idea of race is a great example of what 's going on , or it 's a big example or the big Rover that 's just like we 're doing this kind of containment , which is like a vibrating piece of cake , and very interesting for the whole building environment .
And these three different concepts make the whole layer more than our lives .
And there 's no way that we can not create these .
And I 'm going to explain this to this .
And I think Richard Kelly , the last one on the left , is this idea that this is going to be this .
And what they 're doing is the Islamic Revolution of Paris , and it 's the symbol of modern intelligence .
And at that time , there were some early steps that were beginning to work with light therapy .
This is a picture of American health library in America , and the disease is placed under the sun .
This is what the medical care works and what I 'm going to talk about today .
In the modern realm of modern medicine , people have been able to figure out what 's really real in a different way .
There is a verb that we 're looking at when we look at things as well as the most potent ones .
But it reminded us about what we should wake up when we 're going to wake down , and the strike is so we can adjust our grasp and relax and so forth .
And if we have a real control in our environment , we can help people to adjust or adjust the gap between people and to keep it going to be dentistry .
Now we can do that , but maybe at the beginning of the future , hospitals can control the patient faster and better , better reliable .
It might be used in the airplane to help people adjust the strike .
It could be used in this classroom to improve children 's classrooms .
And you can get more examples .
But then I wanted to continue to talk about light with the impact of light with the dark matter .
Clearly , in social interaction , it turns out that lighting unites us with everything .
It 's the place where we want to get each other .
It 's a planet .
And when you look at this Earth , it looks like this .
And I think this is one of the most astonishing images of my talk today .
Because , in fact , these surfaces are all all over the space .
They do n't really look like the terrain .
And these surfaces are not used for human purposes .
They 're just the beauty of destruction .
From global perspective , images became like this .
And this is a very tricky situation , and you can see how much light is going to get out of the sky and do n't get to the ground .
And if you do n't have these individual surfaces , it 's the Earth 's face , so we see that this planet should be a spectacular picture , and the dark side can inspire our imagination , inspire us and all of us .
And the world has changed , and the urbanization is the following of the scenes .
This is a picture of two weeks ago , and I was photographed about 10 years ago . It was completely unsolved .
It was just a little city , and it was really amazing .
We 've got to start thinking about what these problems are , what 's going on in this emerging city ?
How do people share this culture ?
How did the people solve this ?
Now , what 's going on here ?
Narrator : Looking at the vertical vertical technology that seems to be able to apply the temperature to solve the world and provide more than more and more and more places in a very weird place .
In a long time , we still use this light bulb .
And of course , we 've been able to do metal sensors and things like that .
Now we have LED lighting , and you can see the latest one , which is very small .
This is a light that gives us a unique opportunity , because the tiniest size of this small size is that we can take it around .
It does n't require time when it 's sensitive to the desire .
And I think this is a very good idea , and it also provides a new kind of commercial space .
Now I 'd like to show you how a LED works , but it 's very small , and my little hair can hold four LEDs , so you can never see .
So I decided to think about it , and then they said , " No problem , we can do it . "
And so they were very special to me , and they made a world that 's the largest motor circuit in the world .
Here it is .
This is the same thing on the screen -- it 's about 200 times .
And let me just spool it out very quickly .
It works .
What the LED produces is blue .
Now this is going to be a little bit cooler .
So we 're going to have a little bit of a gas tank where we 're flying .
It turns out that the black dots are blue , and the maneuverability is the height of the tail .
And then there is a blade of wood on top of it , and it 's going to be the place where the light blows up , to avoid the sky and the other places .
And that could be very , very smooth to do that .
And I just wanted to think about it in front of you , and you could understand how it works .
Thank you .
We went through the topic .
It 's time for us to do this in the way that we have cities .
We should be able to do whether we should put the lights in a city as a kind of urban state .
Why do domes in the balloon ?
Really ?
Is there a lighting that should have been sublimated to how we can benefit from the dark , and that we can benefit from the dark ?
Are we going to have some tweaks on the surface ?
For example , like this -- this has been a relatively mild state .
Can we be allowed to call a lot of people to participate in this energy space program , so that they can get better into the overall environment ?
Or can we just design this kind of sculpture , whether it 's a beautiful building from inside the inside ?
Can we protect the dark side without the heat ?
Because it 's a very difficult place to find a place where we find this planet .
And this is the kind of thing that you find in the stock market .
Even in the ocean , high - scale light is very powerful in health care .
For example , you know , the bird is known as a scandal , because it 's all about the surface of the ocean , and it 's going to work on the surface .
And we found that if we put these lighting lighting into green , these birds do n't receive contracts .
It does n't work .
So the importance of that is to see the importance of the celebrity .
And from all of this , I think we 're going to start using the dark box as a canvas , and it 's just like the visual artist -- as if the visually artists are in the middle of the mailbox .
There 's a lot of water there , and it 's a lot of water .
When I see this drawing , I think , what 's the people ?
Where did they come from ? Where go ?
What happened ? Five minutes later , what happens ?
It 's because neoteny is made of light as well as the light bulb , which allows the story to take the rest of it to the next story .
Christopher Goldstein : It 's used with light with dark matter using dark training .
We can study and create more and more interesting buildings .
We can do this kind of design .
And also , you can get the most delicious of all of the universe , which is the universe of the universe itself .
And this is a very interesting kind of thing , and they have a lot of stuff on the park , looking at the sky and just see the stars even if they do n't see it , to be able to appreciate the beautiful high - tech arrangement .
It 's the same thing for architecture .
And if you take a look at design design , the environment of design is more likely to be more porous , and our lives are going to go from that .
This is a very famous example of the church that design design .
And let me reminded you the Swiss design of Peter Warren , who is a piece of light with the dark side of the Red Cross .
And Richard Fowler is London in London , and you 're still looking at the sky , and you still see the sky .
And the last thing I 'd like to talk about is a lot of inspiration from the theater , right ?
And I really 'm really happy that you can have the first time at the top of this building , and I think we should all be a little bit of a piece of paper .
And if it 's not the top of the theater today , it does n't have a lot of effect .
And I think that this theater is a place that can actually be used to actually improve our lives to improve our lives .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/steven_strogatz_on_sync.html
Dean Kamen wrote his dissertation about Dick 's argument , and let 's put it in the next big ideas .
business , cars , education , industrial design , finance , robots , invention , law , technology , social change , sustainability , technology , third world
900
Dean Kamen on inventing inventing
It 's like you say , every time you 're going to get to something else .
In the morning today , from the World Health Corporation , the world 's world came out , and the final conclusion was : people should not sit down and sit down .
I should tell them early .
A couple of days ago , people came up with a new idea .
They believe that the three to 50 years , then they can take charge of wires and do n't need any mechanical equipment .
This is how it works .
And they then said that some other installations can use wires , do n't do mechanical components .
It 's good , why does n't it burrow ?
You can drive it to drive .
And I 'd like to talk about technology , 15 minutes later , and the technology of the audience is going to talk about what 's going on in the future .
But before I say , from technology , it 's not just technology itself .
And of course , when we use technology to make a cure for pioneers , it 's very important .
But I think that the problem is , using a simple scheme to solve the transportation problem .
Narrator : There are lots of data I 'd like to show you in different forms .
You do n't know why , you believe the car changes the world .
About a hundred years ago , Ford started to produce a T - shirt .
I think that what people do n't want to think about technology is the background of technology .
48 percent of American Americans live in rural villages and towns .
So cars are silent - oiled , and it 's a very important speed of speed at 78 feet .
Spend more than half a second .
It also improved up the street , because in Long Island , the Highline in the Manhattan River is there , and you can imagine that it 's a lot of the horse and they 're all going to be on the road and the other kinds of problems .
So cars are more healthy to the environment .
The automobile is also going to be able to blow up the tools of the outskirts of the town .
This gave rise to 90 percent of the population .
In the 1950s , we built the street system and put all these towns together , and it 's called the World Trade Organization .
This is a miracle .
Meanwhile , because I 'm interested in the old technology , I want to assure you that it 's very beneficial for us : I do n't think this invention will be a pilot or a car competition .
But think about the world right now .
There are half the world 's population population .
It 's three microns .
All the sources of transportation have been resolved to change this world , and put it into the present .
Fifty years ago , we developed progress , and we 've been able to figure out the stars .
Two years ago , dengue trains were going to lead us a continent to a country .
And in the 19th century , we start making automobile automobile , and we 're going to put all the city together and keep all of the cities and so on .
But at the same time , it turns out , more than a lot of babies are born on cities .
Now , in the future of 30 , the Chinese China has a cabinet in the city of the city .
So none of them would ignore the continent to transport continents and countries into a community .
And if you look at how technology works , we 've been dealing with a long period of long - term procedures , and it 's very , very low weight .
No one wants to figure out the techniques .
And of course , I 'm not going to have my airplane , of course , or a tinkerer or a tinkerer .
I do n't want them to put them in my home .
And the truth is , the problem is that when you get 50 million people in the last half days .
And the senior popular people have spent a lot of money to go to the countryside .
And I do n't know how data that 's going to allow you to get to the city of the United States of America , 40 to three percent of a global gas gas .
A couple of millions of citizens die every year , almost all over the planet , all the way back to the wind , especially on the board .
Also , I 'm not going to attack any industry , and I really love my airplane and it 's in the corner of six , six miles a hour , every one of the two miles of what 's going on at the end of a row .
We all love our own pond , and I am .
And the problem is , if you walk into the bathroom , you want to go out and get a look at it and it 's very boring .
It 's too low .
If , in May 2006 , 40 million people ski , hundreds of thousands of cars ski .
If the people who have been called the middle of a middle - class , I want to go out and walk over the course of the past 15 times the way we walk across the road , and we 're going to do it in the city of Manhattan and density , because no enough oil does n't have enough protection .
And I said , what are we doing ?
We can make a problem , but what is the world right now ?
For me , somebody 's going to end up on the end of the last two days , and we 've been working on PubMed , but we think once we have successful success , you do n't need water .
Or you can navigate upright , you do n't need snow .
Or instead of taking a breath , it 's pure entertainment , you just love playing around .
In other ways , all of the industry is about a hundred million dollars worth of value .
There 's no way we 're doing it , and I think if we do n't take all the amount of power , but the focus is focused on the other world to understand how the rest of the world is trying to get to the city , to go back and start to accept the cities and the ancient World War , which is where all these transport are going to have to be solvable in the city , as they 're all going to solve the way that Moore 's trying to be solvable at all the time
I mean , look at the tooling and insert a long time across the continent , and take it to the trains and the airplane .
All transportation evolved .
We came back to the city and we went back into cities .
cities are bigger .
And the vast majority of cities are the most expensive ones in the city , the Tibetan Plateau , in Tokyo , or Paris -- most of all .
And there are 65 percent of the Rift Valley that are represented by the celebrities .
Global Ocean .
You might ask , if the city is going to give us what we 're zooming in , what 's the case for us ?
What if we could make the city more interesting , more enjoyable , better ?
If you could get to the end of the masses , go to your car and get a bit stronger , so we can all live in the countryside , and we 're going to use the car for a car ?
It 's a very good one to do it , and the problem is how we get to the sidewalks .
Because technology has a motor and wheel , and I 'm a car .
I did n't look a little larger .
And I also have the same abilities as well as the other thing that I 'm going to do in a crowded place , and the rest of the others .
I went out and ran one hour in the crowd .
And I am self - expression , but the law is often more than a leader , and if we ca n't get the sidewalks , we have two choices .
We can be physical entertainment , but I wo n't spend time on this .
Or we should go to the streets and get a car or a cart .
We 're very concerned about this problem , and we 've been walking into the first demonstration of Einstein 's first show to show him and say , " You know , everybody is trust .
They should be used in sidewalks , and they 're going to be able to use it . "
And he agreed , and we went to the Department of Corrections and they wanted to get the rest of the community to go to community community and carry this 70 pounds of information . They got this .
I do n't believe that the police will give themselves the glue .
So we really have a lot of engagement , but we know that the development of technology is not going to be so much like a technology - based technology .
We had a lot of people who were willing to pay enough money , let 's develop this stuff , and we wanted to give them enough time to make them care .
I 'm happy to talk about this technology .
And this is really interesting , you should get out of it .
If I would like you to do one thing , not as a technology , but imagine , if we all understand that we 're using this machine , every single one of them is about six miles a hour , and it 's bad for us to get to the place where we want to go .
And one of the most exciting things about it is that we think it might be acceptable , and it 's happening here .
A couple of weeks ago we launched , and we came up with a piece of news in Venice , where we had a good job to get the bike out of a bike station and came back to the door of the subway -- and she was going to go to a bathroom and then she looked at me and I was on the top , but she had to look at what I 'd like to do ?
What would we say ?
So I said , " Of course . "
And I went down , and she was kind of like being used to her and then she got over 20 feet and went back and forth .
She goes back and she said , " Finally someone to make something . "
Albert goes down to her .
And I said , " Well , Jesus , please do n't say anything else . "
The camera is still right for her , and she said , " What would you say that ? "
And I thought , " Well , she looked up , and she said , ' Well she was looking at those people who said " I wo n't go to the people and say " Oh , I 'm not going to ask the name to be a bicycle bike . "
And then she looked up , and she said , " I 'm not going to drive it . I ca n't drive .
I 'm going to go to the store , and I ca n't get a lot of stuff . "
And suddenly I realized that in many of my fears , it was n't just Warner , loans or legislation , and the legislation of the deregulation , which is basically the kind of thing you do n't want to do .
And when it looked at the legal rules , the eight inches of the bridge , eight feet , plus three dials , and then the rest of this is the remaining space .
But she looked like this to me , and the kids did n't care about these things , they were n't polling ; they would n't vote , the professionals do n't get a promotion , so I guess I 'm going to worry about the old people .
So , to see that , worry about eight years , first of all , I 'd like to ask us that we were in the business department and the regulations , and they were called the <unk> department .
We have to show them something .
And then they took it to Washington , and they showed that they were looking at how to look at these things and see how it was in a few cities , like Atlanta , in Los Angeles , where we were able to adjust them to get these cities .
And the bottom line is , whether you believe that the U.N. or the other , or other people , all the population develops in the next 20 years .
Africa has a billion people .
They started with mobile phones .
They do n't have to go through a hundred years of progress .
They start with the top of technology .
We have to start building cities and human environments , and the human environment is able to reduce the amount of people at the height of the peak , but in the same way , it 's going to be used with this machine .
Cars do n't fit parallel and moving in cities and move them in the city , but imagine : we 're solvable in a solution and height .
The Greeks were called the Los Angeles River .
And you 're wearing a gold .
Change it .
If you move faster than a three - second -- three steps -- it 's about five minutes a minute .
If you live in the Houston store , your choice is a five - minute number -- if you want half a hour , you need other ways , or train or trains , we 're going to build freedom -- the temperature -- you might choose to get it .
But if you 're in a majority of the city , imagine you have half a hour of time in cities , and you get half of them .
If you can put it into a very interesting way , take it back to a 10 minutes , you ca n't get the bed nets , it 's going to go and drive it , and you 're not going to hit the rest , you ca n't recline or get it to the other places you can recline .
You can change the way the world 's resources depends on the resources , and it makes it interesting .
We wanted history to prove that we were right .
It 's called the Personal Cross , and it 's a lot of work that we 've been working on .
It 's a nuclear power plant .
Yeah , it could do it for a pot , and you would like , you 'd like to go to the New York City and go from Boston to Boston .
Maybe this little machine is more interesting , and it 's going to burn any fuel because you have a part of it , but you ca n't believe that the effect of the performance is in most places , you ca n't get a lot of it .
In fact , we 're looking at this alternative energy , which is beginning to start using the Houston company , and you get the best battery , because you can get a long battery at the top of the spacecraft , the first half - and - a - half meters , 10 yards across the wind , where you 're going to get up to about 40 watts , you know , 60 watts of grass , or the gas pedal , so that nobody has to open the pedal .
But in any time , it 's going to swim at the same speed because it is burning in the outside , and if you 're able to use it , then you can burn it .
So , for example , this makes a lot of power to do it in other places , and then there 's enough power at the end of the night .
What 's interesting about it is that you ca n't get more than 90 percent .
And the implication of that is that if there 's about 200 watts of electricity , the power is going to generate the heat to the water .
If you want to make water and put it in every 15 to 10 million a hour , you get 25 , and it 's more than half a dozen pounds of energy to do it .
It 's so much energy , you ca n't do it in this way or another .
And of course , in the rest of the world , your choice is ruined to the place , and you put all the ballast into the heat , or the drinking water .
The World Health Organization of the world is the cause of choice .
Do n't believe you believe that the numbers are about six to eight people every day , so that death is dead .
We do n't have a heart accident .
We need water .
Women should not get four hours to find water or look at the water and see the kids dying .
And we studied how to fill the cores and put it on top of the recline , and it uses a couple of tons of power to use this process , which is a month of malaria , that every one of them is going to be able to get a lot of energy out of any fuel .
And if you put the box on this couple of years , what can we get in this year ?
I do n't know , but we 'll try .
I 've got to go ahead .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sheena_iyengar_on_the_art_of_choosing.html
The animal rings for sheep 's clothing , and she advised you to do this : to get the animal to find a piece of puppies for themselves , because it 's so simple .
animals , entertainment , life , music , piano
<unk>
Christopher <unk> sings " The Lord "
And I wanted to give up the next one for a couple of days , and a few days ago , they brought it into it because it was too old .
But it 's a very good dog , and it always leaves the cat .
♫ Sobule : Oh yeah , ha ha , um darling , ah , ahhh ! ♫ ♫ Oh , I 'm going to take my dog and sing my legs , and I 've got to say , " ♫ I do n't know if I want to have a promotion and you have to get a little bit of a sin , but I 'd like to leave you with the emperor of my hand , because , oh , you know , it 's too easy to do with your dog , with it , ' ♫
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sheena_iyengar_on_the_art_of_choosing.html
The editor columnist Chris Fowler shares four consistent stages of technology : the power of reasonable choice , plus the market , gives the prospects of the present technology , and ultimately ultimately in the last scale .
business , culture , economics , entertainment , sports , shopping , technology , web
72
Chris Anderson : So Chris Anderson on technology
I want to talk about technology , and that 's a lot of the questions that you 're looking for , because it 's because of what we 're about to focus on .
Clearly , for technology , technology trends are what we need to write and understand things .
But , unlike all the ballast , your readers live in the future , so we have to beat it .
We have a couple of months ago , we need to be ready for a few months , and we have to read six months after the public , even nine months later .
We also have a product of other companies , and we create products in technology .
In this case , our product is ideas and information , and if you 're lucky , there are some entertainment , but the concepts are the same .
So we need to understand not only why some technology is important , and what they 're going to do is , when it 's going , it is time .
And what 's interesting about this is when you look at some of these designs in the 1990s , the design of the 20th century is a prediction or about the Internet , and the length of it is that they 're all right , but it 's not just right .
And almost all these years later , they become real .
But a few years ago , the difference between the market is obviously a huge difference , so it 's all about time .
You might have seen this before .
This is the classic blue line , and tell the technology of technology life .
In fun of fun , we put a lot of technology on top of it , and we 're going to violate the first peak of the peak , or to destruction , to go back and get back to the University of 86 , or the Rover Rover , to go back to <unk> .
This is a way of puzzle technology , and it 's an assessment of how technology is , and then the next Rover .
And we tend to analyze any of the most important technologies we think we normally think of as a lot of technology .
The first thing is that we 're going to take these information and do it , and we 'll capture these new technologies .
You can see we put Linux on the cover of Mumbai .
And they 'll go back . Anybody can go into the mainstream , and then exited .
So last year , it was going to be the first time .
So that 's a way of regulating technology .
And I 'd like to say how to think about technology , and I can call it a big leap of ideas , but it 's actually faster to predict the future of a future .
It 's based on assumptions that even if you can see , all of this important technology has gone through four phases -- at least four experiments , sometimes all four steps .
And every step of each step can be seen as soon as the impact of the other thing -- like , a spiritual price to change technology and it 's changing the world . It 's a change .
And these are the ones that tell you about what this technology is , and what you can do with it .
The first one is the tricky level .
The first stage of technology is going to get the price down the end of it .
And when it 's less popular , if it is a successful technology , it will be more popular than this .
A lot of technology is going to take the other technology , and it 's another one .
Eventually , many technical approaches .
When they get closer to them , they 're almost free to free .
In this case , every step gave us a chance for us . It 's a technical opportunity .
Even if you missed the first stage , like the Grand Canyon , Kevin Friedman -- and you know , there 's a depression that 's going to happen at the height of the time , but there are two factors , and it does n't have a chance to go to free stage -- so the chance is the opportunity .
And I 'd like to tell you about the story of the DVD , because it 's been happening because of this technology .
You know , the DVD of the TV is going to go into the marketplace , and it 's too expensive . But it has 400 dollars a second , so the price is a key to 400 dollars , and it 's going to be a key motivator , the one that 's an essential combination of psychology , right ?
And so it starts out , and you can see the product , the trend trend , which is a potential point , which is a potential position to get over .
And a year later , it went into the next stage , and it was a disaster . Normally , 20 percent of family family is a reasonable sign .
Interestingly , one of the other things that 's interesting is the car interface .
And suddenly you have the DVD of your family , and you 've got high - performance video videos , you know , there 's a reason you can buy TV on a TV loop , you know , there 's a reason to buy a piece of information that 's going on and on the vertical lines , you know ?
You also have the reason to connect them with other entertainment devices .
Interestingly , Netflix is founded in 1999 .
Reed Fowler is here today today , and it 's very clear that he saw this moment in which he could make a useful act .
The next stage is replaced .
You can see , in 2001 , it 's almost more than that .
From here , you can skip the impact on the world .
And Netflix is right to Netflix , and Netflix can not be able to do it with a video of a video .
One of the most common features is that it 's very small , and you can put it in the letters .
And this gives you a tremendous amount of work ; it 's not so much of this technology .
And the final node is almost close to free .
There 's a company called Magic Carpet , a Chinese company in the last few years , and there are a couple of times a little bit of the DVD at the United States ; they 're releasing 48 dollars .
You know , the price of the Wal - Mart has a great 30 dollars to get a big number of dollars at the bottom of the automobile .
But they really became very cheap , and it turns out , when they become cheaper , tomato sauce , like <unk> , lose the market , they 're going to get these markets .
They were caught , and this is what happens when the thing happens .
Now , let 's talk about four ways of seeing technology : four steps of technology .
And I 'd like to talk about some other technology , and some of the techniques we 've been focused on , I 'm going to use this angle of view , which is the four steps to tell you about progress .
They do n't have to be the top 10 technologies that they 're just in one stage .
But I think they 're going to go into these balloons , and they are highly charged .
So let me start with gene sequencing .
And as you know , most of the genes are doing it in the computer , so the price is kind of like Moore 's definition .
Now it 's probably possible -- it might be possible , and if you 're going to do it today , he 'll tell you that there 's four million dollars , you know , 40,000 dollars .
It takes billions of years ago .
You know , we 've been more closer to the tooling .
Interestingly , the number of genes are growing faster .
Every gene has a chance of clinically trials .
And a day of course , when tens of millions of experiments can be done , if you 're interested , you can understand your genes .
Here 's another technology that 's close to the tricky thing .
An amazing study of the World Health Organization showed the effect of HIV - approved drugs and pharmaceutical drugs .
In January 2000 , the price was about 10,000 dollars a day .
And the first time that the drugs were introduced by Brazil , it was the impact of the performance .
It 's about 50 cents a day .
And the most interesting thing is , if you look at the amount of connections that you 're looking at , it 's going to be more likely to get one of these connections , and you can get a lot of treatment , Bill Kingdom and World Bank and the World Health Organization to believe that they can take care of the last four million people -- and two million to sub - Saharan Africa .
Slim - bodied , it 's a lot of work .
Linux is another example .
Now we 're going to get the tricky level .
Some of the techniques are now going to be the tricky level .
You see here , Linux is red , it 's 20 percent .
And what 's interesting is they 've used to be used , but it 's not really important .
What 's important about the top is the top line .
But you can see that these curves go down to 20 percent , and it 's kind of rusty to it .
It 's not just a good one .
And I think that it 's a problem for people to do the wrong problem .
Another technology in our own technology is mixing - trading .
I do n't know who you have in 2004 , and they 're really good .
You see the trend here : to 2008 , I think it 's not a crazy prediction , and they 'll sell two percent of the car selling .
Two thirds are not 20 percent , but for the course of the process , this is a big development , and it 's coming back .
They get two years later , and they 're going to be around the road .
And the most interesting thing about mixing drivers is people carry the electrical motors .
This is a huge change in 10,000 years of automobile industrial technology .
Then there is a nuclear motor , and you can do anything : You can change your car .
You can do puzzles , you could do it , and you can be able to do automatic roads -- from mixing borders , it will lead to a new era .
You might have heard of the commons online .
Now , this is not a bad thing to do , and it 's not too bad .
The Digital Academy created a company called Skype .
And if you look at numbers , they 're going to be the last eight months , and now there are four million users .
And the same thing happens on the company .
You can see the aesthetic standard are replacing traditional standards , which is a headrest , and if you 're here , I 'm going to change the economic model , the speed of the player , the speed and the players .
It looks a little bit like this .
Eventually , free . Free free is really , really fun .
Narrator : The cost of free is because synthetic costs are basically free , free and ordinary , because it 's a very powerful strategy , and it has an enormous amount of bandwidth .
You know , free is the gift of Silicon Valley .
It 's a economic force , a technology power .
It 's an appointment dynamic if it 's done .
It 's not an escape .
It 's the most interesting thing about free free .
This is the number of song you can store in a railway station .
You know that it could be used to save the movie , and the Rover , the world , in 2008 , is being stored in a value 400 dollars , so , for example , to store the song , it has to be able to get a lot of the same thing .
You 've seen these numbers .
I mean , the whole group is going down , and the Hollywood is very worried about Hollywood .
They 're facing an unprecedented pressure .
And what they did was they would n't blow them up .
And finally , I 'll give you a free example of the power of free , and I mentioned that the fibers : their graves will be free .
This is the price of London in India .
What 's interesting about this is that the U.S. government , the price was the two to three weeks .
And India and we have the traditional phone system .
It 's very shocking to the creativity , but it 's because of the fibers that are just going to be you want to do n't develop , so you can see that the prices are so fast .
Normally it 's about seven cents a second .
And the cheap thing is that the result of the free phone is the consequence of free telephone programmers , and the computer programmers , the jobs of work .
This is probably the most dramatic shift in globalization , which is today 's most powerful economic tool today .
India , China , and any other country in the country could be able to get us to our market , communicate free to make them work with our company -- and this is the impact that we know .
And I think this is probably the most important technology that we should be focused on today .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/steven_strogatz_on_sync.html
And the International Committee of international aid has confounded the people who have contributed to the participation of philanthropy , and the person who has contributed a little bit of argument , but the Jill Tarter has introduced a piece of innovation and offer a few of the examples of innovation that they have to do with a little bit of , to give you a clear example of the case of military innovation . "
Africa , business , development , economics , global issues , sports , invention , poverty , third world , women
<unk>
Christopher Mary : The idea of " aid " thinking
Clearly we 're in a moment of crisis .
And what 's going on here is that we 're going to take us down , and the aid system is taking us back , but I 'm standing on the side of optimism because the happiness is probably the most exciting moment of our lives .
Because we 're talking about technology .
And because of the resources , and the availability , of course , all the people in the world , they have a transformative choice of choice .
And we also have a president of the world 's president , and they realize that the global is not only a grandmother , but we need to use a new way of thinking about the world .
And from a point of view , the people in this room must have to put themselves as a member of a global citizen .
You all know the most wonderful and the best ones in human nature .
Whether you 're working in that country or live , you should have seen the limits of the people , even in the most common people .
It 's a debate about what 's going on in this discussion that 's about spreading people out of poverty , and how to save their best needs .
On one hand , people think that aid is broken , so we should throw away .
On the other hand , the problem is that it needs more aid .
And what I 'd like to talk about is a kind of resonate for compassion .
I call it a venture capitalist .
Do they say that they 've spent 50 billion years since the U.S. government , but the situation is just the limit of the environment , and it 's an incredible amount of poverty ?
They have the reasons why they 're going to make a difference .
They 're in charge of what 's currently going on in terms of the political government , and put it in capital markets , investment , but not any aid .
On the other hand , as I said , some people have a lot of money to get a lot more money .
They wanted to be able to get people to help the poor people , and give a lot of money to protect the money , but to talk about the people of our poor people .
They were suggesting that if the result of success : smallpox eradication , which is the distribution of malaria , and it 's tens of millions of tons of drugs that we have .
And both sides are right .
But the problem is that it 's all about both sides .
And the problem with this is that they do n't have a choice of listening .
Over 25 years working on poverty and innovation , I know , there 's no kind of impact on the impact of the planet , and it 's more than a mass of mass population .
They have to drive the market every day , and they make a little bit of the small decide to get them to survive in society , but if the catastrophic health problem , they 're going to go back to their family and sometimes even the impact of their own family .
So we also need market and aid .
And the patient 's economy is in the middle , and it 's going to take the rest of the day to get the best ones .
It 's an understanding of local entrepreneurship investing in building health care , resource resources , resources and energy delivering , and ca n't take millions of people as philanthropy , as a human race , the consumer , an instrument , a consumer - driver , consumer .
Using this patient 's economy , we have a lot of security to allow the local entrepreneurs to get adequate time to try and experiment , to make the market as our best listening , and to anticipate less than less and more social impact .
It realized that the market is limited . So compare the benefits of the economy to improve global economic profits , including all the people .
Now , there are three reasons that entrepreneurs need to take care of this patient 's money .
Number one , they tend to work in the market where people spend a cup of money , two or three , and they decide all about the people who are going to be on the board .
Second , entrepreneurship is the foundation of the building , no road , lack of power , and there 's a huge amount of life .
And third , they used the market .
Even though you get the first time to go into the countryside , it 's a new thing .
And a lot of millions of people have been struggling with a number of times , and experiences that experience many of them are treated with treatments and deregulation , so they have to get their trust and have a long time and many , many patients .
It also needs to depend on the aid aid .
And if we look forward to scale , then we 're not just going to build a model that allows us to connect us and have the same industry , and the rest of the industry is connected to other industries , government , companies , with the company , to build a sense of fear .
And I want to share with you a little bit about an innovation -- a small story .
In 2002 , I traveled to a wonderful entrepreneur from India , who was a member of 20 years of farmers in the world , and the most poorest group of farmer .
He explained to me that he was about the U.S. aid to overcome these low - income farmers , and even in India , there were two million farmers who had two dollars a day .
Their businesses develop their businesses , or direct the farmer , to give the farmers because they think they need to do it , not farmers want to use it .
Daniel Mary 's technique was interviewed in Israel .
It 's a technique that 's going to be a little amount of water that sends a small amount of water out of plants .
And you can transform the desert into all sorts of purposes .
But the market goes down and down again , and it 's not just because the construction system is so expensive and because it is the system of large land conditions .
And the little village in the village , the average part of the farm is only two acres or less .
So Amy Bolt decided that he was going to go to this innovation and have to do it for poor farmers to design a system , because he 's been listening to what the farmer needs for the farmers who need to think about what they need .
He uses three main principles to improve this invention .
The first one is the continuity .
Narrator : The new system needs enough to fill the farmers in the realm of a rectangle , and even if he had two acres , it would have been a lot of risks because the risk would be very high .
Second , it needs a very low price .
It means that risks need to be in a year , and it 's not , they 're not going to take this risks .
Number three , Christine is called infinity .
Narrator : They could take the second 25 acres of land from the first 1,000 acres , and the third , the fourth , fourth .
Today , Amy , all of the institutions of all the institution , has introduced more than 300,000 farmers , and they 've seen that they 're going to be twice as high - tech or three - thirds , but it 's not the day .
In fact , when you look at the world and do n't have a common investors willing to put the most unhealthy market market in this world , it 's less than a population of tennis people , and that 's the biggest agriculture in risk .
So he needed a donation . He took it for a lot of funding , and the experiment , the innovation , was the loss of failure .
When he made a model and more understand how to sell it to farmers , this is the moment of the patient capital .
And we 're going to have to be able to build a bankrupt company that 's used to the international community , and we start focusing on selling selling and credit .
Second , we think of whether we can transfer new towers to the other countries .
So we had Dr. Jose Abreu , Dr. Sweeney .
Combine a new technology introduced to India that needs time , and the same thing , to send Pakistan to Pakistan , is just to give up a company , a few days later , we 're going to go to the most remote cities of the community to build an company in Pakistan .
And although this company is just opening up , but we 're going to have a company that can impact billions of people .
But the systems are not just innovative innovation .
We start to see these things in the world .
In Tanzania , in Kenya , A to Z Foundation and the United Nations , the global Foundation , and my organization , is an entrepreneur , mostly women .
They had thousands of African production for Africans .
The construction hospital is the foundation of the Federal Reserve Market and the debit Department , and a group of women who have fewer than a high - performance health care hospital , because very successful success is created every 35 days .
And " Agile Circle " decided to try to reconstruct a very complete industrial industry , which is used in Mumbai , and it gives us an idea of being able to use a way of thinking about it , but there 's no such delusion .
So , what they 're going to do in September November was the first time in Mumbai , and it 's because of collaboration .
They just signed up the government to get their permission to build 100 new customers , and it 's one of the largest mosquito companies in India .
The idea is very important .
Because we start looking at these companies with thousands of individuals , and I 'm talking about the people in this company .
But it 's not enough .
And the idea of collaboration is very important .
It does n't matter whether they work with innovation that can connect to capital , or the government , and the big company , there is a big opportunity to innovate .
President Obama understood this principle .
He 's recently blogging to build a social innovation to look at this American thing , and think about how to build this thing .
And I suggest that this is a global innovation that can find the global innovations of the world , and the progress of innovations that are going to work for developing countries .
This foundation is established not only for funding aid , but aid aid .
And then comes from the Pentagon and the social action , to calculate the game .
When we think about new aid , we have to talk about Pakistan .
And this country is not stable , and from fair perspective , America does n't have to be a member of a tennis partner .
But I need to say a miracle moment right now .
And if we 're going to take this idea of global innovation , we can use this time to invest in the same time that we might be investing in government , even though we could get the government to help the international community , but a lot of the people who have created a great innovation of innovation and civil society .
So Nike , for example , has created the biggest operator in her lexicon , and she 's the real example of women , whether it 's her country or the country .
And Rick Warren , who founded a method called the Red Brigades , and this approach led him to the marketplace , safe and safe community .
And the health care industry , as the government Foundation , has already been built in the subway school , in the subway Corporation .
It 's not a exaggeration to say that these organizations and social entrepreneurs are really the future of the Taliban .
And I 've been able to collect that for a seven - year - old , and you 've got people who work in Pakistan , who are very hardworking work . And at the same time they have a natural language .
The president of the president once said that the people who were once told the people who were able to stop the peace shift .
And I 'd like to say that this is true .
It 's about 70 percent of the revenues that are more than two dollars a day , and the new leaders of innovation , the social leaders , are really in the path of hope .
When we think about how to protect the production of aid in Pakistan , we 're going to have to be more stable , and we need to think of it as a leader of the world to improve the role of a world that can be an example of what 's going on .
When I came back to Pakistan , I asked TED to tell me if I could see some of the new systems that had been built in the Thames Desert .
We killed a couple of beds at the morning .
It was about 12,000 Street .
And we 've got eight hours of the kind of wood that we see in the design of this area , and it 's very , very difficult to see the colors , but it 's very difficult to speak , because we 're all going to get it .
And finally , when I got to the journey , I could see a deep compass on the plane .
When we walked into it , it was more clear .
In the middle of the desert , there was a group of six - foot boats in the deserts .
And the reason is this is one of the poorest farmers on Earth , and it 's a technology that allows him to change his destiny .
His name is screaming , and he 's got a piece of wood and candy and a very warm kind of rock , so I reminded my father .
He said that it 's the first time in his life , and you do n't have to use his wife and 50 households , the age of two - year - olds to do a very good business for about five to a day .
And this is because he grows all these crops .
And he spent money on his money , so he did n't have to log him up .
And by the way , the older men were the first chance of learning to school .
We asked him , he would n't take daughters and son .
And he said , " Of course , I 'm certainly .
Because I do n't want to be overwhelmed . "
When we think about poverty , we do n't tolerate the existence of the individuals , and they still have the most basic dignity of dignity .
Because the last time at the end of the day , the dignity of dignity is more powerful than the human spirit .
You see , there are all sorts of places that are involved in innovative innovations and realizing that people need freedom , choice and opportunity .
Because those are the Rovers of dignity .
Martin Luther King said the love of love " ♫ Love " , " and it 's a prestige trick .
We 've seen two ways of trying to work , but a lot of failed .
But I think it 's the first time , maybe the courage to embrace love and power .
And this is the global economic system that we 've been inspired to build in our dreams , and also we have to have . And ultimately , it turns out that people can build all the people on this planet .
This is a moment that allows us to start developing new ways of dealing with new ideas , across disciplines .
I only talked from my own experience . But after eight years , I 've been able to see the power of a decade , and I 've seen the power of the patient capital .
It 's not just to encourage innovation and practice , and really create a million - dollar products and services to the first group of people on this planet .
I know it works .
But I also have a lot of other innovations and other kinds of innovations and things .
So I asked you , regardless of what you 're working on , or whatever you work , you start thinking about how we want people to help the people we want to help .
Instead of thinking about what they need .
I 'd like to hide the world .
So let 's live in a lot of generosity and responsibility and comfort and prestige .
But today , this is a legacy of our human species .
But there 's a lot of good things in the world when we go to it .
Let 's take a look at the young men in the deserts .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/steven_strogatz_on_sync.html
blog revolution has opened up , blogs attract the systems of the system to talk about her early blogs , and she found out that the usual suspects can be able to share the rest of the world as a symbol to share the world and connect it more and more , more nuanced and deeper , to make a more maneuverable , connected key , with a lot of more continuous , nuanced - and - a - half - more key things . "
Featured , blog , business , communication , community , design , entertainment , software , storytelling
21
Jonathan Drori on blog
For the last few days , because it 's been ready to talk about what I 'm talking about today , I 'll tell you a little bit about my idea .
Compare it to Al Gore , and he was in the president of his president , when I was a president of my life .
And I 'm more nervous , and I do n't want to talk about Chris 's emotional emotional , but also at the same time .
And I started thinking about my family .
I think my father and my grandparents , and I found that they were all called Ted Street -- so I had to think of this advantage .
And who am I ?
Chris alluded to me and my husband founded .
We have about 30,000 employees in the world .
And if you 're going to show you a little bit about what 's going on here , I 'm scared and I 'm scared .
And I 'm talking about the slides of the slide , but I saw some great talks yesterday , and I 've been able to see a graph that I 'm going to go to .
In this case , it 's my science slide , which is the mathematics of science , the genetics .
This is my grandmother , and it 's my mouth .
So I 'm a guy who 's written a blog about this blog .
You know , you might have heard about the protests before , and the guy 's talked about how it 's going to be the case , or how they 're supposed to take a piece of paper or something like this , but the company can adjust their <unk> to the public , which is a lot of worry about consumer tools .
You may have heard about the front door of the board , because the blogs realize that they 're not the Grand Canyon , but it 's not just the Grand Canyon .
They tell these things or they 're trying to reveal things .
Bad blogs are horrible , you might think that .
I think I 'm standing there , and I have to say that the blog is really horrible because some blogs do n't really work .
But there are other blogs that they change , and some of the blogs are very good examples , some blog posts , even though they do n't have millions of people .
When the hurricane came out , they were able to write a blog at the racetrack , and it was possible to have a blogs of simplicity .
And I had a friend who was a blog on the board , and he was a website of a digital checklist .
He was just making enough money to get it to protect his family .
He 's doing this right now , and this is what blogs do .
Or some institutions , like a company named Nobu Hill .
This is a great organization that 's been created by doctors , and they get people to do it .
The kids who get care of these stories are published . It 's very nice .
I 'm not so happy .
I talk about myself . I 'm a blog maker . That 's me .
I 've always wanted to be a specialist experts , so I 'm talking about myself .
And so , simple , I was writing blog in 2001 , and I 'm 23 years old .
And I do n't work for myself , because I 'm a designer , but I do n't have a clue .
When I was college , I had read my work , but I did it for me , and I wrote the blog and started writing a little story .
And this is a map of my 11 - year - old when I was 11 years old , and what was going on in the palace of Christianity , who was very happy , was lying on me and I had to leave my wife and they would n't find me .
They were sharing their bidding , but I did n't listen to somebody who said they wanted to get me to avoid what I was trying to accept .
You can laugh , you know .
That 's me .
So here 's my experience .
When I started writing the blog , I had a goal to do it , but I could n't get to the Web .
And I got a goal . I said , I 'm going to pray because I 've lost a prize in my lifetime .
I 'm going to win this award to the World Trade Center bloggers .
I won , and I touched with the readers every day with tens of thousands of dollars .
I wrote something about Dick .
And I wrote a blog about this blog , and I 'm going to do it for 300 dollars , but I wo n't play the instrument , I do n't know .
But I love music , I like grey , and I 'd like to be familiar with Martin Martin .
And I said to my husband , " Is Bill , ? " He said : " No . "
So this is my husband , who 's very tenacious , and he said , " You ca n't buy a ticket .
You 're like your father , just relieving instruments . "
And I wrote a blog about him and he was so convinced that he would n't buy it .
The people knew I was kidding .
And this is what I like to do .
And because this joke is , actually , this man does n't know , but there 's a lot of fun , and so cute , he even allowed me to give him the shots and let me put these pictures on the blog .
And if he knew I 'm projecting these photographs , he killed me .
And the problem is , I wrote this thing , and my friend read them and said , " Well , it 's going to be something that goes on , writing things .
But I got people to tell me , " Oh my God , your husband 's leaving .
How much money does he have ?
You can buy a ticket for him .
Why do n't you separate the bank account ? "
I was 17 years old and he was there , and we never reached the bank .
They said , " Spend your bank 's bank accounts for your money , and his money 's money . That 's it . "
And people said , " Stand up with him . "
So I thought , well , who are they ?
Why do they wear my blog ?
And I realized I did n't want a reader .
I do n't want to write things in public writing .
And I slowly slowly slow my blog together .
I do n't want to write the same time , even though I 'm going to write a personal experience .
I wrote this , because Einstein .
My first card , I think , was a little bit cry about crying , two years ago .
And I decided to break myself up , and I said , " I do n't want to write my life , because I want to do it . "
Whatever anyway ?
So these are my experiences . You read the politicians or the press , or some of the managers , and so forth .
But I 'm a little more interested in the patient , because this is what I am .
You know , what you 're looking at is the work of the spaghetti Rockwell facility , and the art Gothic is going to say that the work of Port au - Prince is not art .
And his work is that he 's embedded in a living and middle - house , and it 's not a art art .
But these are not the most important things that we have for us .
These things contain us , and if you 're talking about blogs , you can think of the blog bloggers in the history of their history , the Bible .
These are the normal stories , and these guys are just talking about their stories .
Here 's a story about a baby named Nobu Sue .
His father was a blog .
He wrote his wife every day , and he was pregnant from 25 million dollars .
He never wanted to get this one out .
One day ago , the next day , he was like dinner .
And this is the baby baby .
It 's been recorded every day .
This one was made a day , and the day was , day day , day day .
He was breathing the boxers , and he had a pneumonia .
So this baby is so small , I 've never seen a picture of that , so that 's what 's going on .
And people are reading what 's happening by 55 days , and the readers find that he 's breathing hard , drunk and depressed .
And then finally , the 27th year , he went home .
You can see this blog .
It 's not what you 're looking at at the newspaper or the magazine , and this is what people do .
There 's 28 comment , not a lot of people who are focusing on , but they 're looking at it .
Now he was a healthy baby , and if you go to the blog of this blog , the baby 's father , <unk> , who was still giving him shots because the boy was his son , because it was the fact that the child was growing in the hospital .
So , blog .
What 's the story ? You might hear a story .
People talk about a lot of things that people talked about in this room .
But I think blog is basically a development story , and it looks like this .
Your personal record .
You can use RISD searches to understand who 's the celebrities .
You 'll find things , you like it or not .
You also find bloggers blogging , and they do n't necessarily have the same themes , but what they 're interested in .
We said that the world is more expensive , and I 'm very optimistic .
Every time I talk about blog , I want to connect more people .
It 's millions of hundred people .
We want to connect with China , but a lot of people do n't have blogs .
It 's like 100 dollars a computer program , because it makes the blog easier .
Our company is successful because the timing is very simple , and it 's not exactly what 's going on .
It 's worth thinking about it .
So it 's important to talk to me about the blog posts .
And I came up with the slides of my family , and I got this one because I knew I 'd show you this graph , my mother once saw me because she said , " Why do n't I read my blog ? "
My mother was like this . These are the people I know .
These are all my family , and I 'm my home .
And I 've shown you a couple of dozen years ago , and this is where I grew up with me .
I 'm going to spend a couple of hours looking at this , and it says , " Oh , it 's red in the middle of the top , which is the first time in red . "
So these are all these things .
Now , this is not science , but I 'm interested in this , and I really want to know what we 're thinking about , how we evolved .
This has been a profound impact on me .
I had a collection of proof that was published in 1910 , which was my first nickname , and a lot of them were called the birthplace of <unk> .
And that 's what I 've got . I have some of these people .
They were 19 years old , and they did n't talk about English . I just knew that much about it .
This is a bit of a lot of fun , because I just had to go back to the rest of the day , and I did n't even know if my mom was there because she was <unk> .
And I spent a lot of time , and I said , " My husband is a solitary driver , one of the reasons I 'm standing in Bellingham , where I 've been looking at the archival operator in Washington to look at them . "
So there 's this kind of data , which is my height .
This is the only picture I 've ever got to think about what we can do with a blogging computer , and the people who tell people what they know about themselves , sharing their stories .
Another picture of me , or a series of photos , was made by a project in Argentina and his wife .
He was basically given his family every day by nine years , and my daughter , my God , I was 11 years old ? Do n't cry in 1958 ?
Here 's a joke : Do you see the math here ? I 'm happy to get 100 because I ca n't get 100 percent .
You see these people who are dying , and it 's what they 're seeing today , or last year .
And I hope we can do that .
And if I had a child , I knew that they would wonder , or my career , who would be curious , and I would like to do something that I was going to be doing , so I decided that the blog was , because it was very good for a moment .
Since last year , I took myself out every day and I kept doing it .
This is almost the same picture , and I do n't look at anything .
It 's just a few people looking at these pictures , and I 'm not doing it for the audience , but I 'll show you a little bit about it , but if you have a lot of attention , I 'm going mad .
There are about four people who are concerned with them , and sometimes I say , you do n't show me that they might be , but the most amazing thing is that I can go back to the last four months , I 'm going to return to 2005 and I remember what I was doing .
So the visual hint informs what makes us know what we do every day .
I do n't have a bad picture .
I remember : I had to do it in Germany .
In the hotel room , I did n't want to stay there . You 'll see it .
I do n't mean it 's every day . Now I know how to clap .
And if you look at my driver , I have a piece of paper , and it 's so important that it 's a very important time .
And the last story I 'd like to say about this story is that it 's probably the most profound story for me .
And I might say that 50 percent , because I 've been talking about this story .
And one of the women 's name is called Martin , who is a blog , and she took us to our services , we opened it up , she 's a $ 100 . She 's got the product of what we do with the cancer .
She wrote a letter , and all of us read her blog , because there were very few blogs , we could read every blog .
And she wrote that one day , she disappeared a few times .
And her sister said that she was going to die in her blog , and our support was very , very sadly .
And this is an example of how I realize how much of the blogging 's blogging is connected to people .
And this woman lived in England , and she was able to discuss her talk to the U.K.
It 's a lot of the impact that she wrote to me and said , " Name a couple of months , he wrote her blog in the last few months -- that might be her best , because you can talk to people because they can tell her stories .
How amazing that is that we make it possible to write a blogging teacher that does n't have to be scary , we 're not going to attack our bloggers , and we can talk to people .
How amazing is this ?
I print , or I gave her a pair of command on her blog , and they were able to get a letter to use their brother , because the blogs were a part of her life .
The blog was a big one .
And this is a tremendous amount of wealth I 'd like to say to you , and I wanted to think about what the blog is thinking , thinking about how you think what you thought you were .
Thank you .
Fulbright
The tuna of tuna -- a kind of dynamic , dynamic - scale fish , and we just start to understand their behavior .
mission blue , oceans , science , technology
<unk>
Shane Berry : Inside the deep sea
I 've been fascinated by a beautiful and beautiful , blue - line form .
The Japanese tuna are like ours .
They were the largest tuna in the size of the ocean .
And they 're actually a kind of vegetarian -- it 's a lot of open - up muscles .
This is a backup tuna in Monterey Bay .
You see the shape and the design of it that makes it good in the ocean .
It 's all in the middle of the ocean , and it goes down and down , it 's more potent to the way that it works .
And in fact , most of the body is the skin , so it goes down and down the water .
This is one of the greatest machines .
Both tuna have been respected in their history .
About 40 years , we 've been able to do this in sustainability , a million years ago .
In France , San Francisco appeared in caves .
They were in 3,000 million years ago .
And this is a kind of a respect of human defense .
The human being used to remote fishing , except for our generation .
In the case of the tuna tuna , the Earth had been covered with a dozen , and this was the year of the World Trade Center .
underground was constantly sustainable .
And the way the trawling method has a lot of money and reforms , and this is , you know , it 's going to be erased by the ecological map of the Earth .
In general , a tuna tuna came to Japan .
In this case , there may be indirectly , if you 're in the audience , that they 're going to be extinct .
They have the dirty meat , the fat grafted fat and the fat .
And that 's the problem , we 're going to eat that !
Now in the Atlantic , stories are simple .
The second one is the two different sectors , the very small ones .
Narrator : It 's about 20 times a year in North America .
It was the European government , and the <unk> tuna was killed almost by the last 10 years , almost 50 times a year .
And it turns out whether whether you 're interested in the number of tuna , and the amount of numbers that you have to measure , it 's about 90 percent of the size of a year .
So , the third line was given to the tiger , and the lions were kind of like the same thing as the panda bear .
Two months ago , these were a list of dengue fever .
But after two weeks ago , this proposal was been refuted , and even two committee studies showed that it was a harmful piece of anagrams to get the standard standard .
And even if you 're a little bit of a tuna , you might be going to be able to do it for a nuclear company , whether it 's tuna and then lighting up the animals , the sharks , the shark , that 's what 's going on , down and down , on the vertical axis , as well as it is , you know , a lot of money to do with it ?
These are the same creatures that are happening in a tuna area .
The challenge we face is that we have no idea of tuna in tuna , and all of these people can recognize the overreaction scene .
But I suspect not everybody has ever seen a Fulbright tuna .
This tuna represents a universal problem .
Now it 's 21st century , but we have to understand that the ocean is beginning .
Technology makes us go into this era : we can be able to look at space in space to look at the surface of the Earth 's planet .
We have to integrate these technologies to make a deeper understanding of the ocean .
Most of us , including me , in the ocean , is a single single sea sea .
We do n't know the structure of the ocean .
You ca n't find out where there is a silver hole in Africa .
PH : We do n't know what the ocean 's going to be like , and we do n't know what it means to be a tuna and a pathway .
We 're just beginning to understand how physics is going on to the realm of the physics , and that 's how to create a kind of Gothic - knit force .
The challenge is , because it 's hard to say that the ocean is difficult .
We 're very hard in the terrain of tuna -- the whole Pacific research .
And the people who are really excited about it are just a little bit of a mess with it .
Now , the teams of Bruce Predock at Ohio University , close to a blue whale , and it 's going to be an engineering problem to say that we do n't actually overcome this problem .
And the main approach of this is that we have fish with fish and the West .
We basically use satellite components , or your computer .
We 're going to do this very special approach , and that will take us to the ocean as a marine world .
We used the first time to look at tuna at the bottom of the ocean , and it 's not to measure the heat and the maneuverability .
I 've been working with tuna for a second .
I was fortunate to be commercialized in Monterey Bay .
And we 're going to have a very small part of the glass , and we put it in a map of tuna with tuna .
When we protect the water at the morning , we can see that water has not been treated for a few parts of the world , and there are no few places that you 're looking at .
We can see from them as well as the dynamics of them and their actions .
They 're in charge of free .
We get two million people every year , and we 'll show them that these fish are beautiful .
This is the Stanford Stanford lab working with Stanford Bay in Monterey Bay .
In this case , 14 years ago we 'd put it on the line with tuna .
We study these fish , but first we 've got to learn them first .
What would they want to eat ?
What would they like ?
We 're going to get into a second line of tuna , and we 've got the skin . That 's great .
And then better , what we found is that we find our own fish , our grandchildren and the groom , and they can put a big tuna in the water , so we can actually do it at the same time , but we 're really going to really study the fish of the species and learn that they do n't have to hurt .
Two - and - a - half scientists are going to put a tuna in front of a treadmill .
And that tuna probably assume that it 's going to be Japanese , but it 's actually gone .
We measure it for oxygen and energy consumption .
We 're going to edit these data and make better models .
When I saw my favorite view of this , I suddenly wanted to know how these fish were going to solve the problem of the Big Bang ?
So carefully .
This is the recent observation that can be done .
Now , work in the lab has taught us how to get out of the ocean .
So in a book called " The Red Buy , " we really went from Ireland to Spain , from the Spanish Ocean .
We 're working with many countries in the world , and we put it in the big tuna .
We 've stitched one , 100 tuna .
And I 'm going to show you three short steps , because I screwed up one , 100 tuna .
This process is just like silence , but it 's beautiful .
We take the tuna , and we measure it .
One of the teams that is taken from the Houston store , the team of scientists and the technicians to get it to four to five minutes to work together .
We put it on the ground , give it oxygen .
And instead of trying to make it work , the computer put it on . And it allows them to stay outside , and it 's going to be the way that computers can feel it outside the ocean .
And when it 's leaving , we 're always happy .
We can see the tail cloud .
From the way we collect data , when the ring came back , we could get it to 1,000 dollars , and we can see a thousand dollars in the Caribbean at the bottom of the ocean .
Sometimes the tuna are really large , and it 's like a lot of crap on the ground .
But it 's just half the size of our markers .
You need to be a team of motivation , and it 's a team of teams .
In the picture , what we need to do is to make a moon that can hold a hole in a tuna tuna .
And the tag is fixed to the top of it , and it 's going to leave around the environment and then leave it in the water and put the information on the surface , but the data data is going to go back to the moon .
So from tag that information can be done at all .
And the two Rovers that I just mentioned mentioned are quite expensive .
These tags are created by a lot of North North America .
We have the most amazing equipment and our new technology in the ocean .
In general , one organization gives us more help than others .
That 's what the plumbers are .
And there are two villages , and they 're going to be a consequence of a project that 's been called " Rain , " by the last hundred years , which will be called the Personal Hour .
Here we go to measure this fish .
We 're going to do something about what we 've been beginning to do .
You see the skin skin , you can see my <unk> .
And from that trailer , we can get it out of the gene . We can take some information from the genes , and it 's going to go back to the sea .
And that 's my favorite .
In my shoulder - grade school , the help of helping me was helping the help of a tuna .
Here 's a tuna in the ocean .
The Gulf broke out of the Gulf of Mexico , and it 's cold .
And this is the work of tuna , and it 's not going to be there , but it ca n't be here .
But when that was the warm , the tuna were in , and the fish was going to go back to home . And it would go to the table and went back and down the hill and came back to the 1600s .
And then my favorite point , three tuna came back to Gulf .
Three panels have been filled with tuna .
In space we calculate them in space .
They come together , maybe it 's going to be the next generation . And this is what it is .
This is where tuna eat .
So , through these data , we can build maps of the map , and you can see tens of thousands of pieces of tags mapped from this .
Now let 's take a look at where they go to the back end .
So two drops . One is a rock we tagged , and they went to the Gulf of Mexico and we could see the second one .
In Europe , the tuna in Europe .
It 's two in the middle of the Siberian two .
And what we 're going to do is to give a new model to the International Committee of the international community and tell them that it 's wrong , it should n't be used by being used for the API .
This is a model of a kind of model that looks like this .
So we can predict where it 's going to work .
Like a place like the Gulf of Mexico and the Tibetan Plateau , there is a single one of the single species that 's going to be going to log down .
It 's clearly going to be protected .
In the middle of the Atlantic , there is a place where continents can be communicated on the U.S. and America , because they 're able to do a good job of fishing . They 're doing good .
But the international area of moving across the rise of the land is going to work .
And that could be possible to protect the tuna tuna .
Now let 's take the second project , called " The Guinness World of Pacific Park , " we made a team of team .
And in the Institute of Foundation and so on , we 're going to do it for our projects , and we are 17 to a project that 's going on here to launch a lot of hairs .
We 've been tagged a blade of sharks on the board , and it opened it up and then follow them when we put it in front of the shark and we can put a shark that we could put in the front end of this dog , but we 're very careful with the dog 's cousins , so we 'll keep it a little bit ♫ ♫ We 're going to take it to the moon and keep the modifications to this moon .
Now , the satellites can be used and can put information into the moon .
This is a shark jumping on the water , and if you look at it , you can see its tentacles .
This is a shark that 's filled with the shark 's freedom , and the antennae are turning the data upside down .
We 're not just projecting this up a shark .
But it shows the color of it very accurately , and the mass of the ocean is much higher .
They go down to the 25th and the Thames .
Now in Monterey , there 's a team where there is a researcher in Warren Buffett and Goldstein .
They slaughtered a missile with a kind of an impostor , a curious piece of curiosity , and he would be caught by 16 feet long .
It 's a million pounds of animals .
We have dengue fever .
We 're going to put in a hearing tag that says " Rover , " or something else .
And then we put the satellite tag onto the moon and send us a long time of a shark , and it 's made out of the cloud of signals that are tracked in the armrests algorithm .
So the upshot of that is to see two pieces of markers , and this is San Francisco to San Francisco and then back to the back .
We broke a tractor fan of the sharks and the whales .
And what we see is that the light changes in the ocean , and we can see the striations of basking sharks and sharks rolling up the bridge .
We looked at the first time , and we looked at the blue and the blue .
And the message of that , is that a marine scale told us about what we 're looking at .
The Highline in tuna has been made out of three groups , and 700 of the chemical tasks of smallpox , which is a significant task , the Jill , <unk> tuna , is at the same time as long as it 's going to take a little bit of -- and we pick up some young tuna and put it on the board and take it off .
And when they go back , you can see their route on the NASA Ocean , and you 'll see that there 's a tuna tuna in the blue line to go back to the Atlantic Ocean .
And the waiter 's responsibility is filled with escalators to put the labels on their head , and when they fall off the head .
In the middle of the ocean , 50 and a half feet , 15,000 feet of data , get unbelievable data .
Here 's a joke between Brunel and a silver ball , and they 're going to get 35 and more from New Zealand to the Monterey Canyon , which is more likely to be able to recycle the pesticide tag .
Our first success understood that they flew flying .
And the same thing that 's going to be in the middle of the Rift Valley will go across the ocean , and sometimes their flights are going to tuna with tuna .
You know why they might be killed .
Now , what 's going on here is George Bush , who is a member of a group from the Ministry of Michigan , where they 're going to be tagged through the vertical towers .
This is a group of Brunel named Steven Johnson , showing that it 's going to be taken from Indonesia to Monterey .
We can see where the ocean is .
We can learn the entire biosphere in the ocean .
From that information , we can start making a new map .
Here 's just three years of data , and that data has a decade record .
We can feel that the animals and the seasonal activity .
Well , what we can do is use this data , 40 companies , a big task , and it 's a very big place to tell us that we 're in California , the first one to tell us that we 're in California .
And then , as they give us the stock rate , they carry the device .
Help us find data on the water in 2000 .
In the entire Earth , it 's like North America , the North Pole .
A lot of the countries in this country are removed from the ground , and they 're sending us the temperature and the volume of the sea and the volume of the ocean .
And this data , when it 's been tested , is very attractive .
We do n't really want to have a big calculation about how the data works .
And when these animals swim and gives us information , these information is very important to climate problems , and we also think of information as important as possible .
We 're doing the big sea . It has four million clicks .
Now in Google ' ocean , we can put it in a ocean .
He would be able to fill us in the outside , and we know that basking sharks are getting everything from California to Hawaii .
But maybe the organization is going to be able to make us invisible to places that we ca n't see .
We have this ability , NASA has been there .
We just need to incorporate them together .
So , the general thing we know is that in North America , in North America , in the U.S.
We have technology to understand where it is .
What we need to think about is how we increase the information information record .
How do we do these jobs in other places ?
And finally , you can get information out of the house , and they can use the links that the whales are coming from .
If you 're willing to , make a nuclear software software .
And most people are very excited when they look at the shark .
Use your iPhone to connect the activity .
This is some of the images online .
So , we can look at tuna .
We can look at it .
We have technology .
Yes , we can .
We just need to apply our technology to the broader ocean .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/eric_dishman_take_health_care_off_the_mainframe.html
Derek Carroll was a list of droopy a TV list , and the local government told him that he did it . He did lots and lots of .
art , arts , data , security , war , web
<unk>
Derek von Shepherd : I 'm here , I 'm here .
Hi , I 'm an artist , and I 'm an artist .
Normally when I introduce myself to myself , they looked at me and said , " Do you draw pictures ? "
" What 's your business job ? "
Most of my work is to work on work , rather than specific , or specific technology .
I really really enjoy the problem .
I met a couple of years ago , a couple years ago .
So let 's talk about that .
That 's it .
This is 2002 in October , 19 in Illinois .
I went back to the U.S. Tahrir .
When I came back to a secret leader , I brought me into a small and asked me a lot of questions -- " Where did you go ? What 's going on ? Anybody ?
PH : Why ? Anybody give you a poll ? "
And suddenly the contractor said , " What about 12 months ? "
Most of us were asked , " What 's the case about 12 ? "
Or the other day said , " I do n't remember . "
And I took my hand up and said , " Let me get nine to 12 months .
And it 's just about 10 to 10 , and I 'm going to get a couple of steps .
About 10 to 12 , met me , I was a graduate student .
And 12 to the afternoon , three - quarters of the lecture - class afternoon , three to a senior classes .
" Well , what 's 11 ' 11 ? "
" Do n't you ? Where do you sit ? "
" How about 10 months ? "
We read about six months .
And I realized he did n't expect me to capture this .
I 'm going to be able to get a little bit better .
He asked me -- " That 's what you 're shooting at ? "
So , in the lexicon of Santa Barbara , I said , " You know , I said , " You know , in the Houston Islands , I said , " You know , within the Louvre Islands .
Albert furniture on the room .
It 's a couple of sessions , because I 'm an ornithologist . "
And he was very intrigued to look at me and said , " Do n't get a copy ? "
And I said , " Of course , I would assure you no one .
I 'm certainly going to remember . "
And he was a little bit suspicious , and he felt like any one of the people I was talking about , I 'm not a terrorist .
We sat around and over and down , and he said , " I 'm controlling enough information .
I 'm going to put this into the office , and that 's what they 're looking for .
They 're going to be able to recover , and we 'll be responsible . "
I said , " Great . "
And I went home , and I was a cell phone .
And he was a little girl in San Francisco , and I had six months in San Francisco .
And you know , you ca n't get the picture of the U.S. building , but Google does it .
So thank you very much for Google .
And I have a lot of time on this building .
And the answer : " Do you ever ever have any of the U.S. or participate or or anything else ? "
And the answer is that you have to think about the inner state .
Because what you 're faced with is a person who wants to decide .
Or the problem -- the question is they asked me to ask me about nine times -- one is ...
Number one : " Your name is puzzle ? " " Yeah . "
" Are we in the Houston Islands ? " " Yeah . " ' Today 's Tuesday ? ' "
You know , let 's answer you the answer .
And then , of course , " Do you get the American government ? "
I teach myself in college .
I said , " You might ask me to ask my colleagues . "
And they said , " Well , do n't we be talking about the U.S. government ? "
I said no .
After six months and nine , they said , " There 's no problem . "
And I said , " Well , this is exactly what I 've been told .
I know everything . "
They looked at me very strange .
I said , " I travel . "
This is what I said to TEDGlobal .
I 'd like to say , " Just hope that this country is trying to figure out how to do this . "
I 'm really worried about it .
And he said , " What 's the problem , to give me a phone phone -- we 'll make it . "
By the end of that , I 'll call it a copy .
And I said , " Hey , I 'm going to go . That 's my flight .
Three months ago , 12 degrees went to Seattle .
A couple of weeks later , I would call them .
It 's not that I was forced to do it , but I chose it .
They just wanted to tell them .
" I do n't know what to do . "
" I do n't want to let you think I 'm ready .
Just just want you to know .
So I kept doing this .
And the phone turns into email , and the letters are getting better .
This is also the Ministry of Defense Carpet .
And then I did a website .
Here 's a website . Let 's look at this .
I was designed in 2003 .
You can track my particular moment .
And I wrote this code .
I decided , you 're not going to watch me , I 'm not sure .
I looked at me looking at myself .
You 're not going to be a force .
I 'll help you all .
So in this process , I started thinking , " What 's my message ? "
They should know that my flight track , so I decided to put all the balloons out .
You can see , Steve Jurvetson from bed to Atlanta .
This is a klutz I eat on the airplane .
This is at the polling stations , in San Francisco to San Francisco .
See , they refuse you to put it on the airplane , but they give you this airplane .
So this is some of my favorite squatter airport , because I like the manager .
This is the World Trade Center , 19 year - olds , Tuesday .
Cameroon .
Singapore , you look at these places .
This is a picture of all the shots .
But if you think of it as if it 's more data , you can transfer it to a metaphor and put it together .
When you have to confirm that every single one of the time is a completely different condition of life .
When this happens , the art project thinks " Art project . "
I mean , " Oh , I have a new job . "
But it happened all the time .
To put all the details together , it turns out that self - discovery is actually a project .
So these are some of the shops in the shopping malls because they need to know this .
This is the Ethiopian altar of my bought , and it 's about 15 months in Santa Barbara .
In a Korean supermarket , they bought a ticket because I like it .
And I bought some crab boxes in San Francisco , and I found a little bit of a hole in San Diego .
There 's a spray spray on the West Side of Paris , and excuse me , Eastern finance .
Narrator : This is a 18 - legged auction on the 6 side of Santa Barbara .
If you were looking at my bank , I was able to check that these five - year - olds get a $ 60,000-a - foot oil ticket .
It was n't , but I gave information to the third grade , and my bank was given me and I really had it .
These are the lines of wood .
There 's a silver lining .
And sometimes they bought a lot of them .
34 cents a second .
And this is all taken from every single one of my shelves , and I showed it out .
It 's a lot of information .
This is my old apartment in San Francisco .
Sometimes this is .
Sometimes it 's a square - kilometer one , and a 30th of a month .
And I would like people to tell me , because I had to do this in the workforce .
I had to tell them every single detail .
I spend a lot of time .
This is a parking farm , eight - year - olds eight months at October .
And a lot of time is in the Houston store -- there 's a lot of light in it .
So there are multiple pieces of data .
There are thousands of photos .
There 's a couple of photos on this website , and I 'm going to see the whole picture of all the photographs -- and at least I believe they all look at it .
And sometimes it 's not just a single one .
And sometimes a lot of text information , but not a picture .
Sometimes this is .
This is the South African , my favorite sandwich , Vietnam : Vietnam .
These are different pieces of connections that are out there , and these are the ones where they are .
So these are what I do .
How do you know the home ?
That 's because it 's a lot of a million times .
You have to work for a second .
Sometimes it 's very specific .
So these are the conveyor belts where I eat , and I 'm eating a bridge in which the seven - quarters of the bed is 16 .
Meet 11 .
Let 's jump back to eight o'clock in afternoon , and then 4 p.m.
I was snapping on my life every second .
And every time I draw the picture every time .
It 's all taken out of the iPhone , and it 's the direct force in my iPod and blaze of carbon dioxide .
They know what I 'm doing because they want to know .
In April 4 , I went to this .
June meetings in June 2008 , two o'clock in Maine , where my apartment was there .
You can see the information information here .
And if you go to my site , it 's a lot of information .
And it 's not a feedback interface .
You can say that users do n't sound bad .
One of the reasons , for example , is that all of you have to rethink all the time at the site .
I put all the information that I told you about my life .
But even though I put this completely upright , I still have a very competitive life .
And I 'm very rarely .
So I came up with this kind of conclusion to protect you , and it 's been published all over the time that it has n't been recycled .
What do you do when all information flows ?
You have to control it .
If I just give you information , it 's a very different approach to information .
What 's interesting about this is the legislation -- it 's not about who they 're not -- and they work for information or information as product information .
Their information has value because other people do n't get it .
And when I remove the details , the information will give you a message to you , and it 's going to be just right .
This is a matter from a personal level , and it 's a matter of silence .
But 300 million Americans .
And that 's what we 're going to do .
Because if everyone shared information , they overcame information .
And we 're going further .
When I started this project , people looked at me and said , " What do you want to do with the world ? "
" Do you want to get a picture of it ? "
And this is what people do n't start with , and they 're not going to be in the same time as well as now .
And I 'm happy that I was totally overwhelmed .
And I 'm doing this project , but it 's completely unsolved .
This is what we 're doing every day , even though we do n't see it .
We 're creating our archival archival .
Some of my friends , " Are you too aggressive , and do n't you ?
Because nobody 's looking at you .
No one cared . "
One thing I do is take attention to servers to look at the servers .
Because it 's the lens .
I had to look at who I was looking at .
And I found this .
These are specific samples .
Just just these clips , you can see things .
I 'll tell you a couple shots .
You can see where the Greenland is like , the land is the continent , and the land is moving .
There are countries in the country , and they go to it .
I actually moved to the place where they were very close to them , and I had to do with them .
And Emeka was taught .
President office 's office .
Do n't understand what they asked , but they came up .
And I think they might like art .
And so I 'm happy that we have that area .
Thank you very much .
Bruno Giussani : Dorcas , I 'm curious .
You say , " It 's all automatically coming from my iPhone , but it 's how you draw information .
How many time does it take a day ?
Girl : Very little .
It does n't have a difference .
That 's what the email email says .
And the same thing we 're doing is we do it all the time .
So it 's all the same .
We do n't want to spend a long time when we showed the state .
So the basic thing is , I just put a little tape on the phone , OK ?
Everything is going to be processed .
BG : And if you were not able to track the situation , it would cheat ?
PH : You could find my last one .
You know the last place .
And if I had 12 hours of flights , you could see the last one .
BG : Oprah , thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sergey_brin_and_larry_page_on_google.html
And the intuition shows us a tremendous amount of social differences , and the problem is that Richard Fowler is a little bit of a piece of data that 's hard to make a difference between the economics of the economy .
culture , data , global issues , money , social change , visualizations
<unk>
Richard Koch : How the economy does n't really suck society
You all need to know what I 'm talking about .
I do n't think it 's fair to be able to get social flow and rice in France .
What 's different about this is we can now find evidence that we could have social , egalitarian levels of society , to understand the impact of uncertainty .
I 'm going to show you some data and explain why the data is connected .
But first , look at our lives .
I 'd like to start with a myth .
This is a graph that shows our lives compared to the availability of the National Development Survey , which is the average mosquito in the country .
You can look at those countries on the right , like Norway and America , their wealthy level of mosquito , the Greek and the Portugal community .
But it does n't have a impact on their own lifespan .
There 's no contact with each other .
But if we look at social diversity , you can see that there 's a lot of health diversity there .
This is a picture of a historic age .
This is the town in England and San Francisco -- the one on the right , right on the left .
There 's a huge difference between poor people and other people .
Even the people on the top , their health care is more expensive than people .
So income in our society is very , very meaningless in different social societies .
And the explanation of that is , in our society , what we 're looking at is something that we see is relative to capital or social status -- that 's the same connection between us and people .
And once you have that idea , you should be thinking about this : " What happens if it 's going to happen ? "
That 's what I 'm going to tell you about .
I do n't use any hypothetical data .
My data came from the U.N. -- the data of the World Bank , which is about these very large , large - scale countries .
And the way we use it , simple tweaks , and you can download , is 20 percent of the GDP of every country in 20 countries .
You can see the countries on the left are relatively egalitarian -- Japanese , Egyptian , Norway , Sweden -- 20 percent of their time , about 20 to four times .
But the other side of that is that the U.K. , Mysore , the U.S. , Singapore -- is going to be big .
In this way , we 're not equal to the equal level of democracy in the same way .
And I 'm going to show you what a implications for us .
And the problem that we find in social diversity is that the data is more common in society .
Narrator : The international data contains the mathematics of childhood , and the math of the children , the baby mortality , pandemics , suicide fever , incarceration , obesity , chemotherapy -- and all of these diseases , all the diseases that are going to be <unk> and refined .
We put all these things together .
They 're all submerged .
One of the founders of this country is that these are the remote factors .
And you can see , these guys are kind of equal to what I showed you before I show you , and I 'm going to show you the data .
The stronger countries that are not equal to social problems are more than less .
The connection is very powerful .
But if you look at the same health and social problem and the social issues , you ca n't see what you 're going to see , and you do n't have to see it .
We have a bit of fear that people might be thinking about what we 're trying to pick up a specific problem with our theory and then humans build evidence of what 's going on in the Journal of Medicine , so we 've been published a magazine of health care .
It contains 40 different parts of it , and it 's coming out of other people .
It involves children 's talk to their parents , whether there 's a book in the house , and how much of the school is , or whether it 's a school phenomenon .
It 's all inside .
So that 's the kind of relationship between the same level .
It 's not equal to the longer society , the more kids act .
relationships with relationships .
But again , if you look at the relationship between children and prestige , you 're going to have no choice . There 's no connectivity .
All the data that I 'm going to show you now is the same thing .
In our society , our societies are not not necessarily projecting up the celebrity and the economy .
They 're very important to poor countries , but it 's not for wealthy countries .
And the differences between us are really important to other people 's position .
And I 'm going to show you a little bit of what we 're embarking on .
This is the Blue System .
It means that most people are convinced most of you .
This is from the world of values .
And you can see , in the other side of nowhere , about 15 percent of people feel that they can believe people .
But in more egalitarian societies , it 's about 60 or 60 percent .
And if you look at the <unk> , or social progress , there is a very similar connection between the same kind of relationship between social capital .
I said , we repeated it twice .
The first thing about this is that these are these independent countries , and we went back to the testing of the U.S. for 50 million dollars -- and the same problem : whether does the answer do ?
This is the government of the federal government in a common society .
Very similar distribution distribution in the same way .
The same thing is going on .
And basically , we found that almost all of the things that are happening in the international survey reflects the importance of what 's going on in our bodies .
This is not a coincidence .
This is a graph .
The World Health Organization uses the same diagnostic interviews with random surgery to collect the data that we can compare every society of society .
This is a double percentage of a population that has any population population .
Its scale from eight times at the end of the time -- this is what the whole society has to do with three times a second .
Again , these are all related to non - compliance .
This is a picture of crime .
The red dot shows the U.S. USA , the blue line is called Canada .
But look at their differences .
murder reduces every million to 150 million dollars .
This is a calf in prison .
It 's about 10 times , and it 's going to heat the gap .
But the mosquito changes from 40 to 400 .
crime is not the main reason .
In some places , crime is one of the reasons .
But more and more noble pilots , or even more sophisticated trials .
The more it 's not equal to the longer causes of throwaways .
This is a graph - school school .
Again , big change .
If we 're talking about social pioneers , they 're going to be very severe .
This is a picture of social intelligence .
In fact , it 's based on the amygdala .
And basically , what is it that they 're asking , whether not the father of the council of his son 's son , or whether it does n't matter anything ?
In other ways , the revenues are more important -- for example , Britain or American .
And the family revenues are not so important .
There are more social flow there .
As we say -- and I know there 's a lot of American audience -- if Americans wanted to do their USA dream , they should go to Republicans .
I 've shown that there is a tape tag here .
I can also show some other questions .
And those are more important to the top of society .
But social resources are infinite problems , and these problems seem worse -- not just a little bit of bad , but it 's all about 10 times .
Think of money , money costs .
And I 'd like to go back to this image that we 've introduced , and we combine all of these two things .
Number one , through a piece of paper , we found that those were the ones that were kind of , or whatever , it seemed to be more egalitarian , but they had a good sense of spreading and Japanese .
So what we see is the relationship between common diseases and non - compliance .
It 's not just a couple of points , but it 's almost everything .
And the other thing that I 'd like to suggest is that , if you look at the bottom , Switzerland and Japanese , they 've shown they 're very different countries .
Women in women , they 're in the midst of wealthy countries , in a wealthy country .
But the other thing that 's important is how they get a big threat .
Sweden is a big difference in income , but it 's paying care , and the national benefits , the wealthy aid and so on .
Japan is very different .
First of all , Japan was a little bit smaller .
Its spending is lower .
It 's more than less .
And in the American Republic of Research , we found that a volunteer connection .
Some of the state performance is good through iteration , and there are some states that are a little bit better because it 's small .
So we figured out how to deal with this very serious and not very important , really important .
I 'm not talking about absolute efficacy , and I say it 's all in the midst of wealthy markets .
And the other thing that 's unexpected about this picture is that it 's not just the cause of poor people .
John Fowler looks a little bit harder : " No one 's a <unk> . "
And through a series of studies , we can be able to compare each other to a common level of individuals or greater countries .
It 's just one example .
This is a picture of baby death .
And based on the British economy of England , a lot of babies are very polite , and a lot of babies die .
This is a mash - up of a father 's father , so that the mother has a set of data .
But we looked at what we call " society , " and it does n't require technology .
And the middle of that is to work on technical work , and go back to the high - security jobs , all the way , doctors , lawyers , the business company .
And here you can see that Sweden works better than Britain 's work , and it works better every single day .
The biggest difference appears in society .
But even in the top , life is a very productive society .
We showed five groups of data including education and international education , and health care .
It seems to be a little bit more energetic , more productive , but the most obvious thing in the middle of the world is that there are some advantage in society .
So let me just spool it up .
I think I 'm projecting and talking about things that are not about society .
It 's more focused on focus and bullying , and it 's been respected by being respected and brutally .
And of course , the feeling of the identity of identity has led to social entrepreneurship .
But it also led to the state of identity .
And what we 're worried about is how other people judge and look at us , whether we have a candle , or something like this .
Social value depends on fear of social values .
What 's interesting about this is that some of the things that are working in the same way : some people have come up with a couple of different studies ; the volunteers are invited to meet a psychological experiment and testing their pressure and test their stress adjust and they adjust their balance .
In this observation , scientists are interested in a pressure of pressure , and most importantly , the most important pressure moves .
And the upshot of that is that the task of society is threatened by social feasibility -- the mission of self - esteem and social status -- that other people can make your performance .
And this pressure has a very special effect on the pressure .
Now we 've been inspired by criticized .
And of course , some people do n't like this , and some people find this amazing .
But I should tell you that when people criticized the data , we never did this .
We have a sense of logic , if our data contains the data of the country , then we 'll be able to analyze it .
Our data can determine whether data works , not our .
Otherwise it 's going to happen .
What else is the other country ?
In conjunction with Brunel , there are 200 studies about health and income and status .
And this is not the case that these countries have a very simple observation .
The same country is not equal , and the problem is one .
Why do n't we control the other factors ?
And I 've shown you what the spike is , and I do n't have any effect .
And of course , some people use it to use more complex ways of using poverty , education , educational equity .
How ?
It does n't make a difference between itself .
We spent a lot of time .
Indeed , people have a good understanding of these results .
The biggest change in regulating health care is that it 's very important to the impact of social pressure , and how important it is for the environment and the systems of the system .
Or , for example , violence is more common , and the reason is because people are very , very sensitive to themselves .
I say , for solving this problem , we should solve a series of problems and a series of problems .
We should limit revenues , low - cost culture , culture .
I think we need to keep our leaders in charge of people .
And the final thing I want to finish with is that we can reduce our income from reducing the quality of our own lives .
So , we 'll find that we suddenly have a social health problem that 's really great .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/atul_gawande_how_do_we_heal_medicine.html
Singer - Rumbaugh : One year in prison that he had been in jail for a year , and he was able to tell a variety of different things -- he saw infinite intelligence and flexible . He asked the question : Why do n't we find this one ?
business , prison
<unk>
Scott Smith : The business of business in the prison
In many cases , B has a big future plan .
And his wish is that it 's not going to take the rest of the day , and he 's trying to put his two two participants into a business loop .
And he took one of these dollars and bought a website to the main content site , and it was on the top of the day .
And when I was in the hospital prison was just a couple of week , I noticed that there was no difference between the TV and television .
In fact , the prisons was very smart , and the person who was six months ago , as the founder of Narok , " My chief and " CEOs " -- and I felt that the business of the prisoners was a little bit of business and high school .
And I was arrested because they were arrested , and they talked about their past time using unique characters , but they talk a little bit about what they 're talking about , the first grade of business and business business -- and the year - to - day business , the new consumer , a new product of a consumer group .
They did n't get stuck in the past for the last year .
In most cases , they 're not going to survive .
It might be more difficult than you think .
Contrary to most of the people , the psych ward is not paying a prisoner in jail , and you have to support yourself .
You have to pay for credit for the programmers , and the USA , the U.S. and so forth .
And there are a couple of reasons why in prisons , in a very difficult way .
First of all , the price is more than 30 to 50 , and the second , you lose money .
I was on the truck for a while , and this was a full - time job , in a food dome , not an hour , it was not a single hour .
How do you live ?
We have to steal , all kinds of marketing .
It has legal marketing .
Buy things for tomato sauce .
Giving the owner 's license .
There are a little bit of healthcare , such as you 're in your hearts .
This is a little bit of a bad piece of defense .
There is a tremendous deal of marketing , and it 's a very severe business : from outside to the outside , or the way to distribute drugs , the health of the products and the prisons , which is the same business of business in the workforce , so it 's going to be more effective .
And in prison wanted to buy a female ? Three to five dollars .
And I want to do that , and the human head is just a big cell phone ? 300 dollars .
Think about it ?
That could be 1,000 dollars .
You might also discover that flexible brain is very important in prison .
And whether it 's made from the front lines , the foods that are made out of a piece of wood , or being used to the bottom of the tree , in the sand , who knows how to survive a lot of people who know how they 're going to die at the same time , and they also want to be able to get a promotion in their prisons , where you have to put it in a way that they can get on the back of your prisons and the money or the PC .
But there 's not been a leader in the workforce of helping English to go back to society and do n't get a real leverage in prisons , nobody has to help the business of a prisoner 's program , and they can help them find a way to get into the creative business of business , the prisoners even ca n't see it .
And then , in the end , there was a lot of legal property that did n't ignore the financial missile .
So in fact , in the two thirds of college , the fact that we do n't really have to be surprised to do it .
I lie to the federal government , so it was a year in the federal prison .
But then , after the landing , I swear to help that help the people who have the same experience with me , they had to do a similar time to keep wasting life .
So , I hope you can think of it .
Our best choice is to try to protect the old potential of the prisons , because if we do n't do it , the prisoners ca n't learn to be able to help them , they will go back to jail .
And they learn what they 're learning in their prisons .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/steven_strogatz_on_sync.html
Design COO fighters complained that there was a number of examples where the design of design showed a lot of happiness , going out to the beautiful , interesting , fun , joyful , emotional and emotional , and he said that all the success was supposed to work .
creativity , design , happiness
41
Don Ananthaswamy : The three ways to design happiness
Now , what I care about is beauty .
People have talked about Bill Gates in the past , but if you were to do it with him , you could work out what you would work with .
But I actually do n't mean that .
See this stuff .
So thank you very much for making it on this table .
I want to say something beautiful .
And I was completely overwhelmed by what it was , and what I would like to do is , but I wanted it .
This is my new life .
My whole life is looking at how beauty is about beauty and prestige .
The core of my life is to make beautiful and fun things .
This is Rachel History , which is created by the <unk> .
It 's just fun to be fun , and I have one of my family , but I put it in the freezer , not to do it .
And what I 'd like to do is tell me that one of the things that I bought from the outside is a piece of wood , and I see a chair that says , " Do n't use this machine to make a juice . "
Because it 's because persuasion is happening to the ground .
So I put it on the machine , and then I 'm going to get it out of this picture .
You 'll see that there 's a knife there .
So that 's the universal form of Japan .
So let 's take a look at how beautiful it is .
And the second thing is that it 's a lot of fun to get a knife .
And the bottom line is very sharp , and it 's very easy .
It felt very hard to feel .
Is n't that a celebrity tree ?
It really is beautiful .
And I can tell you a few stories about extending the theme of a theme , and you know I have a theory of emotions .
So these are the theoretical masterpieces .
<unk> and his colleague , the MIT Media Lab , came up with this kind of thing , and they found a piece of paper and put on a projection with a water on the bottom of the manila folder .
You 're going to get a little bit closer to the table , and you can get it out of the window and then the fish drops to the rest of the room .
And then the ball goes into another place and again , and look at the fish .
Is n't that fun to play with fireflies ?
It 's not just right ?
It 's fun .
Let 's see Google .
If you look at the emotional design , you get a little bit of search for it .
And Google is very high - tech , and the Mecho - Geckos that they 're going to do .
It 's not just going to tell you a little bit about it , and it 's an infinite search chart .
This is the first 20 , which allows you to see a lot of " Hallelujah , " and every letter represents a page .
Very simple , very hard design .
PH : I think many of you are looking at it .
And that 's the role of the unconscious , and it 's kind of happy to see this stuff , but you do n't know why .
Amazing .
And the most interesting thing is when you look at design and emotion , my website is the first one in search .
But Google also ruins it because if I had to say " Design " and " Google " to tell me , " You do n't have to wobble with it . "
Okay .
And I followed " Design emotional , " and my website was not the first one .
It 's the third second .
Well , a story .
Now , " The New York Times had a comment on a patent bike .
This is written on top of a saint .
But you can buy it .
Because they were great enough to feel .
And if you look at the inside of the car , I was really thinking about shooting down a piece of dengue , and that was when my son took the design of my son , and I took a picture of it .
And it 's very difficult .
control is good .
This is my new life , and it 's a new new life .
And I really think fun things are always coming together , but I ca n't understand why .
So I 'm going to put a piece of wood on the floor .
imagine I 've got a two - foot - up hull of 30 feet , and I 'm going to do it on the bottom of the boat , but it 's not going to go down to me .
No problem .
And if I 'm going to put this in three feet , I wo n't go into it .
It will make a difference .
It changes the model of the brain .
Paul Savage talks about his speech , and he said that he was very nervous at the end of the speech until the last couple of hours , but the anxiety of that reason was because it had to help him focus on mental potency .
And the fear of fear and anxiety is that they can look at mental properties , not as the first one , and it 's a very common problem .
I do n't find it .
But some people can do it for example , like Basel .
And these two emotions really can change your problem .
A psychologist named Carrie Johnson made a very interesting experiment .
She found a couple of students .
If you take them to the room , there 's a string of buttons that have chains tags .
It was a room for a table , and some of the Russians were a little bit of scissors and everything else .
She took her students into the room , and she said , " This is a translator who can test you in the real life in real life .
Can you put this rope off ?
A little bit of a turn on the back of the student , and then the other hand takes more and more , and the other one is going to be a little rope .
It 's really not really true .
It turns out not to be done .
And this psychologist called a group of students , and they said , " Well , let me just tell you that I have a little bit of sugar here , but I ca n't afford sugar .
Do you eat your money ?
It 's very happy to eat . It may n't be very good at least to get them to feel better .
And they did the problem .
When you 're in anxiety , your brain exchange speed speed faster , and you get more to focus on the atmosphere of your thinking .
And when you feel happy , you 're going to get more dopamine to the brain , and you 'll be trapped in a way of thinking about the way that you 've got to do it in the outside , but you can think of it .
It 's not just the nature of the brain .
Every time you feel it 's happy to be happy , you 're going to play a game and nobody has to beat your ideas , and all kinds of bizarre ideas come out .
But if you look at it all , what you do is do n't do it , because you 're going to get out of your work and say , " Yeah , I can use a new approach to do . "
So it takes a long time to work , and it needs to be a framework to do right .
You have to have anxiety .
It 's not the way the brain works , and when you 're happy , you get more creative .
And the problem is , you want to figure out how to fix it .
Not a big deal .
One is the dynamic level of perception .
And the result of biology is that we really love color color .
Bio- and primates love fruit for fruit sauce , and you eat sexy plants , you can eat fruit .
The human brain is evolved into form .
We do n't like the noise of noise ; it does n't sound bad .
You do n't like the gecko 's face , and the face of noise , we like symmetry .
These are intuitive traits .
In the design of design , you can express it in a different way , like the color choice of the color choice .
If you look at the bed - up cars , the average car was a very old car , and it was a very bad one .
It 's beautiful , it 's introduced in New York City .
This is a sneak preview , and you buy it because it 's very unique to water .
They do n't want to throw it out of the water , they lose it .
And they 're going to be able to get it to navigate the water , and it says it 's not the dirty water .
It 's all about sensuality .
The second one is the action of action , which is that most of us have been making it .
And the perception realized that the unconscious , you do n't know what it does .
Likewise , you ca n't feel that .
And what we 're doing is pretty much the unconscious .
I was walking on the stage and I did n't play my feet on my feet .
I talked about most of my time , and I 've been doing a lot of ready to think about it .
Most of these things are the unconscious .
Behavioral behavior , because it 's all about behavior control .
Behavioral design is really what 's going on in the other side of the user , and it has to have a lot of time to understand that there is a lot of time and the weight .
The language was designed so much .
It 's very clear that you feel everything you 're going to experience .
Or it 's a very good car to travel , and you 're going to feel everything you can do to your own control .
It could be emotional .
And this is a little bit of the size of a waterfall , and it 's a very small shape of these little barbs .
And it can go on any direction , and you can get a couple of hours to stand up there and do n't waste water on the water to get wind to move the wind .
And this is a very gentle piece of alphabetical alphabet , and I was in Chicago .
And it was an example of a chair called David Frost .
The surface looked at the surface , and it did n't have a difference , but when you had to throw it out of the window , then you would put it in the freezer and put it into the water .
Albert throws out the sandwich .
Compare Eduardo to the right side of the alphabet , and there 's the right side of the line .
There 's a gap between tea and tea , and the water goes down and down .
You 've got to do it , or you 're going to put it in a little bit of a little bit .
It does n't look like beans ; it would n't be covered with it .
And when Eduardo is good , you 're going to ask you to memorize tea , and you can get the sandwich out of this place and put it in the places and bring it out .
And the white alphabet itself is also a self - communication , and it 's an emotional form .
emotional expression is in behavior .
It 's a sense of safety .
The idea of cognitive thinking is to understand the world and try to figure out how to explain this world of security and danger to danger , and we 're going to do it in the same way that we do muscle .
We can tell people the emotional emotions , because we can see their muscles in the role , although it 's just right at the edge of the unconscious , and we have a very good side of our faces and the faces .
And the teapot is the emotional because it 's going to make a signal , " Pick a piece . ♫ ♫ Sobule : You see me all standing up .
And the people who come to ask , " Do you need a better water . "
This is really a very clever design , really well .
And the third side of the brain is the superhydrophobic shield of a brain , and it 's part of your brain that controls your behavior less than your senses .
It 's just an outsider .
It 's a waterfall that you see in your brain , and what it looks like , " That 's good . "
" Why do you do this ? I do n't know . "
That 's what consciousness is .
So this is a product of a bridge .
The owner of the owner 's owner says , " I 've lived a lot of cars , but I never had a car to make my mind so I 'd like to hook myself up . "
This is about their images , not a car itself .
And even if you want a more positive example , this is a regular car .
If you 're deciding that the only one that 's going on is you really care about the environment .
And choosing to buy a hard effort , and even the first one was the one that would be the first time in the first time .
But it 's the design of design design .
Or a very expensive watch , and you can say , " Name a minute I do n't know how you have a wristwatch . "
And the opposite of this is a layer of pure light , and it 's going to be a little bit more than that .
But it does n't matter .
This is a sin - terrorist struggle .
When you get a bit of a emotional balance , it 's more interesting when you go to the other side , like fear , and you 're going to get hints and say , " This is safe , you know .
If the cable cable is Nyota , it 's been Nyota .
So the result of that is the loss of labor .
There 's a silver lining .
Jack Turner was a furniture committee , and he created this furniture furniture .
This is a chair taken out of the brush , and it loses a ball and the other one does n't notice the rest of the way .
And the most amazing thing is that you actually believe this .
And that 's the joy of emotions .
So this is a new one .
So let me just start with something else .
http://www.ted.com/talks/scott_kim_takes_apart_the_art_of_puzzles.html
In October 2007 , Steven Sobule shows his " Eagle Personal Project , " in which kids can be able to learn how to use computers , and will teach other kids to teach the other children what to do ?
children , culture , education , global issues , sports
175
Clay Shirky shows how children self - teaching
I 'm a very big job today .
Because I looked at the archival collection of everybody in the room , and you know , you 're coming from a different context and a lot of people and so forth , so I want to tell you , I 'd like to tell you , I want to talk to you about a very concrete aspect .
In only 20 minutes , I 'm going to suggest that four concepts are like four pieces .
If I was successful about this , you might get a little bit of a force or help me get out of my job .
So the first one was the relationship between remote level and education .
The remote level is not one .
And of course , it 's normally like , you know , when you start walking from the Houston point , and you get closer and closer , then you 're going to get to the top area .
What 's the effect of education ?
And the second one , or another means , is that the city of the world , the DARPA , where they look at social status , and the economy is slightly closer to the other area .
In this sense , what does education do ?
Let 's remember that these two guys define the individual level .
We made a guess . It was a school teacher .
Even though , schools are hard to do .
They lack of good infrastructure .
Even some of the buildings , schools are hard to maintenance .
And I wanted to test whether this was relevant to the truth , so last year we rented a car , and in Google , it was n't going to be in the middle of the Google to north to India , which is not a big city , or , you know , we 've been able to go and find a little bit of a school at the same time , where we have a computer test , that we get a standard test .
It 's interesting , of course , you need to be careful .
I mean , it 's just a small prototype ; we ca n't be predictable .
But this is really clear , and it 's very clear that the journey of choice , the more part of the school , testing the results .
So this is really exciting . I 'm trying to get the upshot of the results , like the structure or the destruction , and so on .
What 's unexpected about this is that it does n't work .
So test results .
infrastructure .
It 's not a matter of poverty . It 's nothing .
And then I did one of these schools in every school , and he asked the teacher to ask the question : Do you want to go to the city ? Well , you 're going to have to stay in the cities ? ♫ Sweeney : And you know , the guy has to do a lot of answers , but the answer is that , in Delhi , there is no choice for the people who are not supposed to be -- because , for Delhi .
I could go into the principle of principle , a teacher walks in the class , and every day it 's going to be a better school at the other time , it might be a very serious amount of students .
The teacher , the teacher 's work , and the practitioners of the kids , are more likely to take care of their children to get to school and get a little bit more sophisticated to primary school education .
And when it talks about education and technology , I 've been able to read the site , the website , collaboration -- you 're listening every morning -- it 's always the best schools , or the better school , and I 'm going to see the answer to the question .
And the upshot of this -- there are a couple of them , and it 's a lot of liberation , but it 's not involved .
The teacher often says , well , it 's better , but the cost of technology is added .
Because it turns out , the students were able to get such a lot of fun in school .
And then after that , they can walk down to a thousand meters .
And the upshot of the principal was said , " Do three and three million dollars ? "
And if you take the same technology to the high school , let students get students to pick up , like , four , it 's completely different .
So , education technology , in the bottom of the pyramid , can work more than the top , but we 're just going to be dark .
And so I came up with this : education technology should first first take care of the financial sector , not the advantage of the group .
The final question is , how do you evolve teachers ?
When you give a teacher to a new technology , and the first response is that , by the way , you ca n't get a machine to replace the teacher -- absolutely impossible .
I do n't know why not possible , but even though you think it 's impossible to be -- I want to express Arthur Arthur Clarke on Jim Clarke , who is a science writer , and he says , " This question says this . "
And he said , if a teacher is more than machines , then you should be replaced with machines .
And that gives teachers to the alarm , and you have to recline .
Anyway , I think we need to have a bi - to - board , and it does n't have to work with schools and schools without schools , schools that do n't work , whether they 're not good enough , or the quality of all situations .
And if you 're not able to do that , you do n't have to have any of these .
Now , I 've been in a place where I was not in the same place , which I did n't talk about , and I 'm not saying , well , there 's no problem , because it 's not a problem because our teacher and school are <unk> .
And it really exists , but -- I never had to say anything else in other places .
And I 'm going to talk about children and self - organizing , and a series of experiments to express what 's scrotal .
These experiments are called " Thinking Test . "
I had to put it on . This is a series of experiments .
The first experiment was 1999 in 1999 .
We 're very simple working there .
My office was in a city with a chair , and a wall between the office and the waiter .
The wall drove a hole on the wall -- " The Lord " -- in the top of the cave , the computer is wrapped on a very powerful computer , and it 's going to show the other side of a wall , which is the same thing , a reflection of an object and a computer interface -- and there 's a kind of piece of interface that the network has been cleverly manipulated .
This is what happened .
And that 's my office . That 's the Rover .
About eight hours , we found this baby .
The one on the right is a year -- he 's a six - legged girl on the right .
He 's teaching her how to go to the page .
In this case , there was no evidence that it was more new .
Is this possible ? Do n't it go ? Because he does n't understand English ?
Can this computer be saved ? Are they going to take it off ? Do they get it out ?
And the last question is going to take us all the time , and they certainly need to go to the wall and ask the people in the office , but you can teach me what to do ?
So , I left Delhi , and the same experiment that we 're going to do in the middle of the city -- and I hear all the people in India , I hear all the locals .
The weather was very hot , " The first one was shaped by the old building , and it was the first kid . He was 13 .
He walked out , and he started playing with play .
Soon , he noticed that when the fingers were on the board , the object on a screen was following the direction -- and he told me , I never saw this to play a TV set .
He found the pattern . He took for two minutes , and he realized it was in control .
And as this is , he does n't take a ticket , and you can see it on the screen .
And he clicks the pile , and it turns out the network has created a page .
And a few minutes later , he looked at the screen and looked back at this screen , and he was looking at the pages .
And then he starts carrying the baby , and these kids are coming out .
By eight years , we had 70 children in online .
In this case , we 're only going to spend a long time and a computer computer .
And we came up with this : a group of kids used to use computers and network schools , but what does it require ?
Now , our main problem is English .
Some people say , you should make a computer computer and web your network .
I said , " What 's going on here ? I 'm going to put the whole Web into the Himalayas ? "
So , you have to come to the other way .
So let 's look at how these kids are overcome not the problem .
And this experiment was put in a village in southern India called the rural village , and here , there is no reason why the English teacher does n't understand it .
It 's called " Frost . "
And the different ones in the city are , in this village , the girl 's girl is more than boy .
And in the city of cities , the girls usually stay apart .
I put some blankets in the computer -- no communication -- three months later .
And I went back and I saw these two kids , and the waiter , who was using computer games .
And they saw me said , " We need a fast processor and a good mouse . "
I was shocked .
What do they do ?
They said , " Name a CD . "
And I asked , but how can you understand what it says ?
They said , you put this machine here , and it just shows English , that we 'll get English .
And shortly afterwards , they 're going to be about 400 yards , and you teach me , I teach you -- even though the word " addiction " is not a standard , but they do it -- and they can find , you know , it 's kind of like married , that they ca n't be in a conversation .
In contrast , the kids ' kids seem to prove that language is not a barrier , and they actually have the ability to educate new languages , as they really want to learn .
Eventually , I got enough funding to do this experiment , and look at other places , you would n't get the same results .
It 's a good place to do this experiment because , we 've got the diversity diversity , the genetic diversity -- the species , and the other , as social economic diversity .
So I could find a sample of what 's going on around the world .
I spent about five years , and this experiment took us to the corner of India .
Here 's the Rift Valley , in the coldest north .
I have to find a kind of reasonable rig , and it allows me to use the normal computer to fit all kinds of conditions , I need to do experiments in the climate environment , because , in fact , it 's a very , very slow climate .
Here 's the West desert , and close to Pakistan .
And here 's a little video -- one of these villages -- the first thing that these kids do -- is to find a website to educate a program .
In the middle of the United Kingdom , this is a map of India , and it 's possible to get the motor commands .
In no air , low - speed low cost , we have to try to overcome all the difficult things , and then we use it as a force to drive machines .
I wanted to be very short . We did the same experiment .
It was very good . This was a six - legged boy , and he was teaching his sister .
An old child is a little kid with a computer - based child , and this is the case .
What does this mean ? We found that six to five million children can be self - paced , but because they 're not quite clear .
And as long as they were in front of their computer , they could self - school , including learning information .
I do n't know any reason , but I know it 's going to happen in groups .
This is really good for this group , because you all have a group of demographics .
Now you can see what a group of kids can do , even without adults .
And I 'll just tell you a little bit about measurement .
What we use is the standard data model , which is not much more to talk about .
We came up with a clear study of learning , and it was kind of like a student in school .
I 'm not explaining that , because , well , it 's not ?
What can children learn ?
And the basic level of doing it , looking down , draw , talk , email , games , to download music , to show the video .
One sentence , we 'll do it . They all .
A computer spent over a six - six months to learn more than a computer - based computer and all the uses .
What do they do ?
If you 're doing the time for them , you 'll see that the average is a few minutes of time , so that 's not what it does .
In fact , a kid is controlling computing .
And he said , " Well , there are four of these kids walking around and tell him what he should do .
If you test them , the four kids get the same anagrams , regardless of what the answer is .
And the other thing that goes across this four - year - old is that they 're talking about suggestions , but they are often wrong .
Their results are the same .
So , they learned the same kind of learning learning .
It looks like the adults of adults , but they look at the age of a 10-year - old , and they 're making a decision that they decide to decide , if adults say , do n't touch it , do n't get the glue .
What would the kids do ?
He 's looking at how to get it to the adults .
And if you test him , he can answer every one of the questions about this debate .
They look at it very quickly .
So , what about the six - year - olds telling us ?
It told us that it could be done by self - educate , or in a certain sense , in some sense .
It does n't have to be a little bit of a conversation about it .
With a system that 's communicated with choice , it 's the second one that I want to say , and the children can learn a teaching class .
And thirdly and values have relationships , simple and simple , and I 'm going to give them a test test . I ask them -- I asked them about a typical question about values .
Their answer : Oh , wrong , or I do n't know .
There are places where 50 percent answers , and the other 50 notes are wrong .
There are places where kids are thinking about social thinking , some chaos , because they say yes , half people .
And a very typical question : sometimes they fake it .
They have this problem ; maybe we do n't know the answer .
Let me leave you with the third question .
Can technology change values ?
And finally , self - esteem , I would n't say , because I said a lot .
All of the natural elements of nature are <unk> : galaxies , molecules , cells , organisms -- social design -- even controversial , even argument .
But from now , as long as the science develops , it 's a lot of cool .
There 's more than a couple of examples , rice , social and social tissues , terrorism and boom .
You know , you 're familiar with the content of the Internet .
That 's my four summary .
It permeates the remote level .
We should first start with education technology and then go back to other sectors .
The values are constantly changing ; the crystal is just the opposite of the attributes .
Studied a system that has self - organizing systems .
Let 's put it together -- I think -- this makes us a goal of education .
And that 's what the plumbers are , and it 's fun to be wrong , the main trick , the communications technology and the refined technology .
And as a student , we never wanted to use education ; we just had just been using technology .
The slide is a good education technology , but it does n't take care of education , it 's what 's going on for meetings .
We brought it from coming out . We 've got a dozen technology and PC .
And I think the World Health Organization has been my own posture , and I have some sort of point of action .
They should create a technology that can solve a remote problem , values and violence problem .
I gave it a name -- it 's called the System .
Can we put it into the development of education technology ?
And I 'd like to leave you with that .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/eric_dishman_take_health_care_off_the_mainframe.html
For 15 years of Los Angeles , San Francisco was a highly independent arrangement of independent organization , and in the International Academy of relationships , there is a little bit of cross - tech and development , where the business of the industry is , in business , he calls a new way of talking about a brand - new approach , which is going to be able to get a whole new kind of defense .
global issues , morality , sports , politics , urban planning
<unk>
SS : Social sentinels
My story is about war .
It 's about vision .
It 's about death .
It 's about picking up debris in debris .
Or , as a matter of competition to talk about how we destroy us , the 21st century is the 21st century .
I do n't believe the story .
I do n't believe in the age of life or history in history , a B - minus B -- that we 've been inspired by a week and we inspire each other .
And I believe that it 's one of the reasons because I 'm a solitary biologist .
I am 68 .
I ca n't wait to tell you that most color .
And this is why I always wore a grey and white clothing , and I had to take my wife to pick my clothes .
I always wanted to be a pilot .
I love looking at the airplane fast , and we 're flying around the street corners .
My older dream was , when a pilot was a pilot .
I went to the Royal Air Force test , and , of course , I failed .
And I ca n't tell you that the difference between the brush , and I ca n't tell you the color .
So , I had to choose some other professional , and it was very easy for me , because I have this kind of a passionate passion , which is international relations .
I was a kid at a time .
" The Cold War of " War News , " which was fascinating to me , and I was inspired by the owner of the Russians and the U.S. and America .
It was outlawed in Angola or Afghanistan .
I 'm very interested in these things .
So I decided a long time decided I wanted to be a terrorist .
And I had to tell my parents a day -- my father does n't recognize this story -- I said , " Papa , I want to be a diplomats . "
And he looked at me , and he said , " Angola , you have to be very smart to become contracts . "
And I 'm more puzzled .
I joined the U.K. government .
In the year , there were five people who were winning the lottery .
And this data suggests that I 'm also quoted with a brilliant world of elites .
It was an anti - diplomats , and it was a great job , but every minute I had my job . I enjoyed work .
I bought myself with a good suit , and I put it on the top of the world and the water to get me closer to the Big Bang .
I went to the Rift Valley .
I leader in the Middle East community in Alabama .
I became a <unk> for England .
I 'd like to get a couple of classes .
The dynamics of Saddam Hussein were spent in the U.N.
And then I went into Afghanistan , and the Afghan services in the Taliban .
And I went to a C - gram trip to Tokyo , where they were working in the Houston River Film Festival , and the same thing that they had learned about how we had to overcome the al - Qaeda department , which I was all in Afghanistan , because it was so dangerous to have a royal Navy .
It was very exciting . It 's fun .
It 's really interesting .
They 're the elite , the striking compositions of the people .
And the top part of my career was that I was sent to New York .
And I used to be in Germany , and I had a lot of services , but I was sending up to New York as a U.K. leader .
My responsibility is the Middle East , and it 's my job .
And there , I plotted the same thing as the Middle East of Peace , where if you 're interested , we can talk about -- but the most important is , but most importantly , my responsibility is to be Iraq and it 's a huge destruction of the Iraq destruction , and we 're in charge of Iraq .
This is the CEOs of England in the U.K. , and I keep in this case .
Anyway , my journey -- is very , very exciting .
I mean , it 's an appointment dynamic .
We went through a couple of times of war when I was in New York .
I mean , my country was in Hong Kong , and the last day in September Carolina , the attacks was attack at night , of course , which was very impressive to us in New York City .
It 's the worst time when it was the best time .
I was a little kid .
And even though I was working on the board , I lived in Tahrir Square .
I 'm a U.K. U.K. in New York ; you can imagine what it means .
I had a wonderful time .
But in the lexicon , when my character was going to end , I decided I did n't want to go back to London for my job .
And I decided to take out , actually , in the new university colleges , Bruce .
In the early days of early adolescence , I realized that there were things like my job and myself .
And I thought , well , my ideal vision was that I did n't know why .
I decided to take the rest of the time at work .
It 's very generous .
You can enjoy these special losses , and they say , but it 's still a part of a greenhouse services , just a particular job .
I 'm good .
Eventually , I decided to try to get the U.N. government to join the United Nations , and it was in the U.N.
So there are two things that happen in Kosovo , and again , show the recognition of my life , because the two of these things have been brought to me in the next two days .
But it 's all random .
One thing is , in summer , United States , U.K. government , a little bit of hospitality , decided to develop a renaissance in Iraq , which is a very controlled issue .
And I 'm secret to this investigation .
And I 've been working in Iraq and senior weapons , and I was inspired by this investigation of three things : the government screwed up , from the past few years , to see that this is very clear .
And of course , our internal reactions in our interior are clear to the mass destruction of Iraq , which is more likely to say that the threat of the country is more than that we are .
And the second , governments ignore all of the possibilities of everything else in the war , from a certain point of view .
And the third one I did n't talk about .
But regardless of what I did , I brought myself into crisis .
I 'm going to do something .
And this happened to be very critical to this , and my colleagues , who I found , was the wrong part of their fault .
And I 'm in the middle of the crisis .
It 's not a good thing .
And I went out , and I was overwhelmed with the wife of my wife and my wives and then , finally , I decided to come from the tooling .
And I feel -- like Al Gore , the movie " Lord , " and you might see that movie , he 's going to go back to the RHex , and they decide that , you know , I ca n't get it to make him wake up with a disappointment and then he said , well , what I do n't do .
It 's like me . I love the movie .
I feel like something kind of going on .
And I could n't tell my foreign minister , or my graduate trip , and I was sitting in the same way , like I did .
It felt like flying down the edge of a cliff .
It 's very , very uncomfortable to do that .
I start thinking about it .
Until today , it still did n't stop ; I still think it 's too much .
But , from a certain way , I 've been used to this .
And from a certain way , I even like a bit more like this .
The second thing that 's happening in Kosovo , I 'm sorry , I 'm going to go to water .
And the second thing that 's happening in Kosovo is about a answer , and I ca n't answer the answer .
I love diplomacy . They do n't have a career . I hope my whole life is an appointment , to my country .
I wanted to be a leader , and my mentor , my mentors , who went to the top of the career , I 'm now going to log on .
A lot of my friends are here .
My leakages .
And I just threw it up .
What do I do ?
And that year , there was a very , very bad thing in Kosovo .
Slim - bodied , horrible counter - hugging all over Kosovo -- -- in Kosovo .
They were killed .
It was a wasps ' nest .
The state state is horrible , curiosity - makers , and the military -- a lot of military mines -- they ca n't stop it to the streets .
And the only way to stop it on the street is they decide that they would decide when they thought it was too difficult to get rid of their way .
It 's not a good sensation , I 've seen it .
I went through all this . I got rid of those celebrities .
In the same way my friend , we tried to stop , and we failed .
In this event , I 'm not quite sure , it 's a complex story .
One of the reasons that happened is that the players are getting close to a few days , because there 's a couple of days because humanitarian citizens are abandoned .
And there was a leader of Kosovo in Kosovo , united government , more than the fact that Ghana was not really involved in these negotiations .
The whole kind of dynamic system , the predecessor of Kosovo , is Iraq .
Well , they felt very depressed .
It 's a part of the game .
It 's not the only reason because life is not just a single story .
It 's a complex thing , and I 'm not going to pretend it 's easier to look at it .
But that 's one of the reasons .
And that gave me a inspiration -- or more accurate , to give me my wife .
She said , " Why do n't you help Islam ?
Why do n't you help their government ? "
Kosovo does n't allow an diplomatic services .
They do n't allow a mix .
They were not allowed to allow them to help them deal with this very complicated process , and then it became the final act of Kosovo .
So this is how it works .
And that was the raw idea of independence , which is the world 's first <unk> community community , and it 's a nonprofit .
It started with the U.K. in London .
In the same time , when I was dinner dinner at Princeton University , I said to him , " Look , let me show you a little bit about a crisis .
I know this area . I 'm doing this . Why do I help you ? "
He raised his wine saber , and he said , " Well , heaven . Come on . "
So I came to Kosovo for Kosovo .
independent missionary , eventually , to support three Kosovo and Kosovo of Congress .
Kosovo 's independence .
And the independent brands have been built around the world , and we decided to consultancy about eight different countries , the political community , based on how you define them -- I do n't have to define it .
We 've given a proposal about how to react to the forest of it .
We do a consultancy for the Red Brigades , and the South government , you know , the first time you heard about them -- in the last few years , will be a new country .
We gave a grant to the World Trade Organization Program , and they were greeted by 28 of their countries in Bangalore .
We 're going to have a lot of dollars to go to climate change in Copenhagen .
And here 's a couple of times , because when I started becoming a independent anthropologist , I went to San Francisco , and I was really interesting , but I had to take it to the people I met .
We started talking , and he said -- I told him what I was doing , I 'm really happy to tell him I am in New York City .
And that time , only I was , and my wife was prepared to New York .
He said , " Why do n't you look at me in New York ? "
And the upshot was he was in a call for a company called " Boy , " and some of you have heard of it .
So one thing led to another thing , and I ended up in New York ? If I start the company , when I started to make a donation .
Can you see ?
Narrator : A new conception of dengue , or Coke 's new adhesive , actually helps me think of a new dynamic strategy for the West Coast .
And I began to realize that there were a lot of different ways to do business , diplomacy , which is kind of like a solution , and it 's a problem that is not in the business of innovation , but that 's all zero and the game -- and there are a few of the 20th - century organizations and they have a couple of sites .
In a wealthy respect , I think , try to try and spend me ? You learn something .
We 're all in a office , and the rest of the office is the equivalent of the office in the office .
We all work on small steel , trying to move through the table to change our ideas .
We really have the experts who are really experts that might not know what we 're facing , but they might know some of the other things that are going to try to solve the new ideas and put it into the problem .
It 's not easy , because our clients , in definition , are very difficult to innovate .
I do n't know , some of the lessons from the individuals , the political , politics -- is the same .
From a personal perspective , from a cliff , it 's actually a good thing , and I recommend .
In your lifetime , it 's a good thing to do , just to cut everything apart .
The second thing is about a bigger lesson today .
A part of a variety of entrepreneurship is the trend of the world , and it 's sweeping the world .
The state of state is less than a lot of time , and the power of the country is falling .
That means that other things go down .
Those are things called " The Eagle fumes . "
They might be big companies , they may be a good organization , and they could be the good ones , or any other thing .
We live in a more complex world .
If government does n't have an effect on the ability to influence the world in which we are in this world , what 's going to happen next ?
We .
If they do n't do it , who would do it ?
We have no choice ; it 's just acceptable .
And that 's what they ca n't be said to be good , international relations or global technology , or the chaos of the world , and it 's something that you do n't have to do with you , you can get to the government .
And I could use any of you to take you with a couple of pounds of teenage families in the workforce .
Aristotle asked me how , but if you eat fish , it 's interesting , that 's connection .
We all connect together .
This is not just Tom Warren , and this is actually actually proven by one another .
That means , besides your politicians to do things , you have to deal with things .
It 's kind of an example of a kind of an example of a certain kind of case .
There 's no perfect example , but the way the world works is changing the place where I work , and it 's changing .
The U.N. is formed .
The United Nations is basically changing conflict in the state of the country -- the recovery industry .
Today , today , 98 percent of roads are the conflict of conflict , which has traveled to non - urbanization -- the <unk> , the religious , and the terrorist , if you want to call them , they are NGOs .
That 's the world today .
When I realized that , when I was looking at what happened to my time in Hong Kong , I recognized that most of the people who were the most direct decisions we were trying to do , and it was n't just invited to publish their ideas .
We should fix it .
So I started a traditional approach .
My colleagues and I were overwhelmed with a carpenter 's colleagues .
We came up with the National Organization of the U.N. Ocean -- the Civil Trade Organization , the Israel , Israel -- you can go and visit them , and we visited them -- and they said , " That 's not right .
You do n't talk about people who have no relationship to people directly .
You should build a system where you can actually ask Kosovo to tell you what they 're thinking .
It makes you tell me -- you can tell them how you think .
It 's great . You can do it .
You can integrate these people into your decisions , and your decision is the most effective . "
The perfect logic , you might think it would be .
And I said , " Well , this is great . Anybody can do it .
And of course everyone knows it . Everyone says , " Yes , you must be right .
A six months later . "
Of course nothing does n't happen . No one does anything .
This is the way the old way of doing this today is that the same way that I 've been doing today is the same time that I 've been there .
We looked at the failure of the winning , thinking we could do something .
And I thought , if I 'm going to use it to go to Los Angeles , I 'd like to take a lot of time .
So , let me run these meetings .
Now , local compassion is a meeting where they 're moving in the street and a group of parties , and the meetings are located on the conference .
We brought up the Darfur , and the government organizations , the Civil Trade Organization , who had a long list of people , from the Ministry of Civil Street , who was a long list of conflict conflict .
We 're going to take it to the New York Times , and they do n't have a leader in the middle of a world that does n't press the media , the United Nations , where they 're about to talk about what they want , what the U.N. is talking about .
It 's a real conversation that never happened .
Of course , the people who describe this , any of those people know it 's very , very difficult , I 'm completely overwhelmed .
The possibility of failure is very , very high , but not impossible if we 're trying to make it happen .
My political vision completely changed me from an appointment , and I think it 's important , not the process , rather than not technology .
All of the modern members of Iranian school members are now in the political prison in Rwanda , and there 's still a lot of time .
In Iran , technology does n't require political change .
See , you 'll say , " Can I do this ? "
So this is the 21st century civilization , and from a certain way , the diversity of diversity is going to be what 's going on around us .
That 's my story . Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sheena_iyengar_on_the_art_of_choosing.html
High - high school teacher has had a great bacteria with a wild bacteria -- -- but it 's the question that the students do n't know , and the problem is that it does n't really do it . It 's not really hard to tell the rest of the world , to give up the other science , throw it to a story , break it up to the story .
biology , children , education , science
<unk>
Christopher Jurvetson : Oh , teachers ! You make science fun !
I 'll give you a story .
I was a year - old year , and I was very positive .
And it was very exciting , and I got my eyes to work .
But I realized that there was a horrible reality that my students could n't learn .
One day , I took students to read a chapter , and this is the title of my favorite theme -- virus and its attacks .
And I 'm excited to be able to talk to them about this content , and I go into the class , asking me , " Do you want to talk a little bit about the main content ?
This is a live one .
And finally , my favorite student looked at me and said , " It 's too sweet . "
And she said , " I mean , I 'm not saying the word " guilty " and I say I do n't know .
It 's boring . Well , beans , it 's disgusting .
The classrooms have been a lot of overreaction , and I realized all of my students are the same feeling . They might be able to draw a song , but not a man 's definition .
None of you can tell me why it 's fun , and why this is important .
I was completely overwhelmed .
I do n't know what to do .
I think the only thing I can do is say , " Listen , I 'll give you a story .
Stories matter are bacteria and virus .
Now , the little guy in my hand is sand than a million .
The real virus and bacteria are too low , and we can only use the microscope to see if you can see a microscope and you 're not familiar with bacteria , because they will make us sick .
But a lot of people do n't know , the virus can make a difference . "
And then I started to tell students . The story was a little bit scary .
A little bit of a small bacteria ago .
It 's been built .
He might be walking in your stomach , or in some fewer foods , and suddenly suddenly , he starts feeling big .
It might be his lunch , and it 's very scary to get the skin out of his skin and see a virus from his body .
And the other thing that 's going on is that it exploded , and the virus goes out of bacteria .
And if -- oh yeah -- it 's -- if you 're a bacteria and you 've seen this , it would be your worst nightmare .
But if you 're a virus , Steve , you might be thinking , " We 're going to do it for a second and say , " We 've got it . "
Because viruses require a very clever approach to infection .
Here 's the process .
A virus grabs a bacteria and tries to put your DNA into bacteria .
Eventually , the virus creates some kind of material debris that infects the DNA of bacteria .
Now , the DNA DNA has been damaged , and the virus has taken the whole cell to replicate the entire cell .
Because , you know , DNA looks like a piece of paper that creates an application - making material .
It 's like a company that was introduced , and started building the robot .
And the next day the workers came to work , but they were doing completely different instructions .
So , instead of treating bacteria DNA to virus , let bacteria become a factory of structure , and until the virus is made out of a virus .
But it 's not the only way of regulating bacteria .
And some ways .
When a virus called a germ infection , the industry develops .
And the secret to the West has been sending it to bacteria cells to go into bacteria , but it does n't hurt germs -- at least it wo n't .
Instead , it turns out it 's in the DNA of a bacteria , and it takes a cup of wood , which is like a command .
And what 's interesting about this is that when the bacteria infects , it has the baby 's child , and it 's a virus .
So when bacterial fever became a family , every family family has virus .
They were happy to live together until the message came out . And then , bang ! "
Viruses DNA took these cells to create a factory of virus , and then let them go all the way . So , the bacteria 's bacteria has been recycled , so the virus is completely recycled .
So you can understand how the virus attacked cell cells .
And there are two ways of doing that in the left - hand side of the leave , and the virus goes into the whole cell , and once you go into the whole cell .
The right one on the right is the case of virus - blowing , which is the case of the virus .
So this is not the case , right ?
Now you can see it all .
As long as you have high school , I assure you almost almost everybody has seen something .
It 's just how knowledge is shaped by other forms , and you do n't leave what 's going on .
So when my students learn about these things , why do they hate them ?
And of course , there 's a bunch of reasons .
And I can assure you , I could assure their textbooks , " The Secret Slayer " or a less fat story .
In science self - communication , there is usually a role of the content .
I was tortured to being tortured , and indeed .
And I used to be in a school book , as a leader , and I was told that no one was going to go to the story , or the language of the quiz , because if I had been , my work would n't be as serious as " serious " and " science . "
Right ? It 's like God blocking the science of science to find the same thing .
So the science of science has a lot of color change , etc . -- notice this .
And then , of course , we have a great scientist of scientists !
But if it 's too interesting , it does n't seem to be very science .
The other problem is , the language is really impossible to understand .
And if we 're going to summarize the story that we talk about earlier , we can say , " Well , virus uses its DNA to replicate itself . "
But if you write the language in the textbooks , it 's going to be this : " The size of the virus is called a virus to bring it to bacteria . "
This is a great job for 13 years .
But the problem is , in a lot of the people in science , many of you who are looking at the Renaissance and said that they ca n't do it , because it 's not exactly it .
For example , I told you a little bit about DNA .
Well , small parts are not DNA .
In contrast , they have a different type of material called <unk> .
So the professional scientific writer estimates that , " This is impossible .
You have to use more sophisticated science . "
And then the professional scientific team took this simple explanation , and they might find that I said , " Well , what 's going on there is that they have to do everything that 's not going to be the same place , they need to go all the way down to a factor of 100 .
Now it might be accurate , but it 's completely unsolved .
It 's pretty impressive .
And I 've been talking to the idea that the ideas of storytelling , but the science class is based on what I call a analogies .
It 's very scary to tell people that it 's going to be taught to turn science into our grasp , like , " Oh , someday I 'm wearing my friends , and she 's wearing a good day .
I mean , they 're not really true , but the bed legs -- but I want to be a little bit more like a kind of sort of grandeur but , I think , " Oh my God , your God .
What 's the point ? "
Or worse , science education became a always saying , " The people . "
Do n't you ? You know , " Oh boy , we 're going to get over nine kilometers and drive 100 kilometers in the light . "
And one person said , " Actually , it 's a partial fracture . "
And then you said , " Actually , it 's actually . "
" I just wanted to say one story . "
All the stories need to focus on the emotional connection .
We need to convince our audience as important as we say .
And what 's important about it is to know that blindness is going to get rid of the details of it .
And I remember the Gothic Falcon , and I said , " Well , I 'm going to spool it out , when he said that sometimes you have to cross the truth .
I think that 's a little bit of a matter of science education .
Now , finally , I always felt that people would think I was in the high - tech science .
It 's not .
And I 'm MIT at MIT , Berkeley , and I just understood the details of detail between detail , which is very important , but it 's not that important for 13 years .
And if a child thinks that the virus has a DNA of DNA , so it ruins them as a scientist .
But if a child does n't understand the knowledge of knowledge in science class , it 's really impossible to hate the research of their success .
It 's going to change . I hope these are the beginnings of the senior institutions that allow them to recognize the problem , and I pray for them , to celebrate them .
But I think it 's not really true .
Thankfully , we 're very lucky to have the resources that we can do with the Internet , and we could change the way that they 're going to change .
The Internet has more than more and more , and they 're trying to figure out how science works and to explain science principles .
I hope that a Wikipedia site explains you can think about any scientific concept that any student can understand , and the way to understand language and lifestyle .
And I took my long - time time to make these kinds of YouTube online courses .
And I 'm learning a joke about dance dynamics to look at fractals , and I 'll tell you a little bit about chemistry and girls .
And I got a feedback feedback , so often I have a lot of conversation with all sorts of conversations , but I 'm grateful for those of these statements , and I 'd like to thank it to me that my approach is right .
There 's a lot of work to do if you 're involved with science , and I ask you to join me .
Yves videos , how do you do it , but if you ca n't ignore the dictionary , you ca n't fix the jargon .
Do n't get the audience happy .
Do n't ignore the details of the people who care about it .
How ?
And why not try and say , " Come on , I 'll give you one story . "
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/eric_dishman_take_health_care_off_the_mainframe.html
The TV is filled with Rachel Carson 's TV Festival , and she shares a bold study that we share , the research track of the 50 years to track the importance of 50 million years . She shows the truth .
culture , entertainment
<unk>
Clay Shirky : Hanging calculation
What I 'd like to say is that the idea of these extraordinary talks and prestige thought , I 'm really in a weird case because what I want to talk about today is TV .
Almost everybody 's television .
We like watching TV at least .
In America , people love television .
American Americans watch five hours a day .
Right ?
I 'm just going to eat the TV , so it 's good for me .
A lot of people do n't like it .
In fact , the TV shows .
They call it a little bit worse .
My mother , in my way , is called " blindness . "
But I 'm not going to talk about the aspect of the puzzle of television today , and I am here today to tell you that television is predictable .
PH : Well , I believe that television has been hypothesized because I believed television is just going to reflect around the moral , politics and emotion , because TV is what we call the whole values .
And so humans have all the characteristics of what we understand .
Today , we 're not talking about television games .
We talked about 24 TV .
50 years ' ears ' TV
John Fowler is how the social role of your society is social feedback , and then 50 years in favor of the TV game is reflected in our society ?
How do television be reflected on a social reality ?
To say evolution depends on biology , you think about the animal world , including four basic norms .
hunger , desire , power and choice .
And as humans , importantly , we evolved in a long time .
We can laugh and cry .
We felt awe and compassion .
And this tells us how we interact with the animals .
Another thing is that we love entertainment .
We like TV .
That 's the difference between animals .
animals like play , but they do n't like to watch it .
So I 'm trying to explore this unique relationship between the TV and the Human recognition , and that 's what makes us tick .
Why does television have entertainment ?
I imagine that it 's like a panda bear , and I sit on the shoulders of our shoulder .
Are television really like our assessment and reward us ?
So for the answer , we did a study .
From 50 years ago , we started the epicenter of the epicenter .
Every year we survey John Fowler , the 20 TV shows -- from a thousand TV TV .
We showed three stars , almost six - quarters of the time -- 18 to 70 .
They 're looking at how the feeling of this television looks ?
Is there a moral dispute ?
Anybody feel angry ? Huh ?
Right ?
So for global TED audience , I 'd like to say that this was a American bombing for me .
But these feelings are self - wired .
Another thing is that more than 80 percent of American TV TV is heading to the world .
So I hope I want the global audience to get a Rover .
And in opening data , first of all , I 'm grateful for two people : one inspired me to think of the problem , and the reason is that it affects our daily lives , thank you very much .
And the other thing about crochet data is that I have to thank TED for TED , Hans Page , you might have seen this .
Okay , let 's go .
Here 's what happened from 1960 to 50 years .
We go from two to two -- architecture and moral uncertainty , and we define the design of the TV that we 're making more positive .
morality is meant to be the TV that I do n't understand .
You see the beginning of 1960 .
That 's why we 're watching television .
It starts to start with moral reasoning .
In the late end of the night , the moral uncertainty of the building is there .
Why ?
Narrator : In the Cuban missile crisis , the president of the United States Humanities Festival , in the U.S.
I look at what changes it .
In the 1970s , the construction falls down .
morality are below .
In addition , it 's the president of Dr. Reagan , the president of Dr. Reagan .
Try calm .
But look , not HIV , Iran , more serious catastrophe , the Chernobyls .
The morality of morality is the dynamics of television , which is a television review that starts 20 years from 1990 .
Now look at this .
And this graph is going to be a very similar trend .
But in this lexicon , there are a couple of spots -- red - red social commentary and not " blue and the mud . "
On this time , television is able to see " The Great Album , " forget " Jaws " and the TV shows all the fun television shows .
They 're going down and down .
They 're not going to move into the trends .
Social commentary suddenly suddenly sudden sudden .
Check the grass ' ass .
Albert Fowler : And the social commentary and social reviews , as a result , has two TV videos -- " The Great Album , " in the Jill ' Symphony -- the second TV TV set in 1961 .
The first one ?
The Digital Genome Atlas shows " hello " and " Adorable . "
They were there .
It 's an easier audience .
Now , look at the 1966 of 1966 , a response to one person .
And when you hear this business , breakthrough , what does this mean ?
Think of the 1966 of 1966 , the World War II .
This is the first show to show the audience , " Oh my God , can the president of the President of Amsterdam ? "
And that 's what I said .
That 's one part .
In 1970 , the Rift Valley .
It 's not just why we 're watching television .
Social commentary and deregulation were in the ' 70s .
So look at this .
What 's the ' 60s ' ' 70s ? ' Norman Speed .
There 's " The DaVinci " and " Autumn and the White " -- the ' 60s ' doctor , ' The ' 70s ' Academy of School ' nurses ' .
In the 50 years of the TV television show that we 've studied , 60 percent of our TV shows in the Vietnam War , there was a five - year - old meeting in Amsterdam .
Just just a few years , we found , wow ! Wow !
Can you feel that ?
Can it change us ?
For those of these smart people , I wanted to point out that the digital age was n't quite verified .
40 years ago Gagarin had been blessed with the Civil Trade Organization .
This is a graph that is more dramatic , and this is another key puzzle and imagine that it 's defined by definition and " to make me feel better . "
And this signaled the red color , which is just a little bit closer to the number of data , and it 's just like the data .
You can see that every time the game is going to be more likely to get to the point of view , it 's going to be more than more than that .
Do we want to see if people were going to be able to get to the top of the show ?
In the ' 70s , " the " The Vagina Album " went into 1973 for the first time in 1973 , and the dawn of the tennis Top was called " Maestro Fox " and " Autumn Fox . "
The other virus is growing in the ' 80s , which is about the increase of control and power .
What is that ?
To honor and wealth .
" The Grateful Dead " Best .
With a reality of a healthy reality , the health status of the country : this is the fact that the reality is .
This is my favorite part because it 's the last 20 years .
Anyway , you know , it 's part of what you do n't know if you 're familiar or read about three and a half keyboards .
And the industry is shaped by the vertical axis .
In the 1990s -- the founder of humor , and we looked at " The Vagina Monologues " and " Our Eagle Eagle " " or " Baby . "
It 's very , very low - tech .
But look at the X - Geckos .
In 2001 , June Cohen , the mathematician had a transformative change in 2001 .
Why ?
It was the last 2,000 years in October .
The technical bubble is broken .
9/11 9/11 .
This is called a new word .
See what 's behind the back ?
And when this came out , the Internet exploded into the beginning .
People want to see what 's going on on television ?
I think it 's celebrity or memory .
It was a world - based thing , and my world broken .
No , they 're fair .
I 'm going to leave you with the polling room .
I 'm going to let the daughters go to dance and dance .
I 'm going to give you a American ad , and you get a ticket .
Is n't that good ?
So , like these are different types of TV , what 's going to happen over 50 years ?
We are animals , and we need to be mothers .
There 's not a very big set of TV in the middle of the universe .
Narrator : In the ' 50s : " My Eagle Song " is called " The Eagle Nebula . "
Christopher Rick Warren makes us laugh at the 1960s '
Christopher Mary , the typical ' 70s , who did n't have a leader at the end of the city , had been picked up even more than a dozen pounds .
It was introduced in the ' 80s .
Christopher Brown was due to her mother , who was the president of a Vice president .
This time , the mother of this era is called King waxed Hill .
Now , I 'm not sure that the bed is sitting in front of us to sit in our grasp and sit on the TV , but I know I like this picture .
So for the rest of the entertainment , the global audience of Man on the globe , and thank you for giving me a chance to metastasize .
Or to give me a great idea of making people make a new idea in TV that every single day they put new ideas on television .
They 're bringing lives to television , but , as listeners , you 've written television with social consciousness , and there 's power and power .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/mark_shaw_one_very_dry_demo.html
The famous psychologist asked a simple and complex question : why are we going to look at self - sacrifice ? Why do we try to lose the self ?
culture , evolution , religion
<unk>
Christopher Steve Jurvetson : Religions , evolution and self beyond itself
I have a problem asking you to sit at a dinner with a problem ?
Raise your hands , if you think you have religious religions .
Let me see . About three or four people .
I did n't expect that there were so many craters in TED .
Here 's a question . Do you think you have mental individuals ? Any planets , any form . Raise your hands .
Okay , so it 's a lot of this .
What I 'm talking about today is the main reason for this problem , or one of the major reasons , is that most of you think that there is a mental entity in the form of something that 's beyond the object .
So the theme of my talk today is about self - control .
And this is the fundamental fact of human being , which is , when self - conscious seem to disappear .
And when this feeling happens , it 's a great deal of what 's going on , and we can use " upright and decline " to explain the sensations .
And what we 're talking about is a sense of moving , or being rigged .
Now if you go to think about something abstract , it 's a very difficult kind of metaphorical metaphor .
So let me give you a metaphor today .
Think of thinking as a room for a lot of rooms , and most of the rooms are very familiar .
But sometimes , suddenly , there was a front door of where the bridge was coming out of the front line .
We walk on the stairs and the experience is changing .
The great American psychologist named William Frost wrote a lot of different religions in the U.S.
He sampled all sorts of cases .
Contrary to different people who have different words , they have a verbal experience .
And one of the things I learned was that there was a young man named Steven Johnson who said he was in the ' 60s ' rapist .
Here 's what Dan said .
Stephen songwriter : I think I saw the way I see the guitar , and the form of it shows that there was a second one in my room and I said , " Come on for me . "
The next day I was flying .
I felt so happy that I 'd like to die .
It 's not my emotional place .
Before that time , I was very selfish .
But I 'm going to encourage the whole human happiness and hope to take care of a sterile heart to forgive me my favorite enemy .
Clay Shirky : So it 's hard to find how hard it is to look at what 's going on on this blade of wood .
In this high level , he became inspired by compassion and forgiveness .
Many religions have found a lot of help in the world to get people to fill out the doors .
Some of them are committed to forget about themselves .
Some of them are used .
This is from October 17th , 16th century , which is written here , and this is described by a guy who is eating a fractal , but he 's being beaten up by God .
Other ways they use dancing , opens up to the ability to get to self - sacrifice .
But you do n't really want to depend on a religious religion to get you out .
A lot of people find self - similarity to nature .
Other people are looking at self - deception .
But one of the most odd places is in war .
A lot of the story about war is about the same thing that does n't have any kind of thing like war to get people stuck together .
And it turns out that the power of people entering together is a kind of an amazing self - cleaning experience .
I 'm going to show you a video from a book called Albert Eno .
Graham was a soldier in World War II .
In war , he interviewed a lot of other soldiers and wrote a book about the soldiers .
And there 's a very important scoring system that 's written on this .
Dr. Francis Bell : A lot of the religions recognize that it 's a critical part of their life .
" Well , " I 'm going to become turning into " we become " Our " and " our own belief . "
And I believe that it 's not really a sin of confidence , and this anxiety makes self - interest in these situations .
I can swim , but I ca n't be destroyed because I 'm going to move forward and live in the workforce , and I 'm going to keep myself alive .
Clay Shirky : All of these examples are the concept of self - correctness , and it seems to be a good thing to lose or disappear , but it 's a very good way to experience what we experience in our lives .
You feel that .
Narrator : The psychological delusion is a great French entrepreneur , Mark Frost .
This is what 's called the human forearm , or the human spirit .
And he took a low level of a very low level called the " ambigram . "
The conventional ones are the sanctity of the world .
It means normal or ordinary .
In our normal lives , we live in individuals .
We want to take our individual desire .
We 're looking for our personal goals .
But sometimes things have happened to unfold .
The individuals are united by a team , and a dynamic group or a country is far more than that .
It 's called the realm of the sacred realm , because he believes that the function of religion is to outcompete people as a swarm , a highly dynamic group .
And it turns out that any kind of thing that makes us connect together is something that 's a sacred color .
And once people are facing the realm of the sacred objects , or the chaos of their sanctity , and then they follow together to maintain their external forces .
It 's a very powerful collective emotional ability to get into an idealized - term manned system , which is a powerful citizen , and it 's not an individual .
And you can think of it in the U.K. history in Britain , and it 's the end of the day .
And if you think of people in Cairo , the anger of the people on Rwanda Park put on a ventilator .
Remember the situation in the U.S.
So let me summarize what we 're talking about .
I said that we 're using this self - control capability to our species .
And I gave you a metaphor , like the lambs in our head .
And I said that we were all the spring , and it took us from the conventional level of the traditional level .
When we 're climbing the stairs , the self - benefit of our self is not so selfish , and we feel that we seem to be able to get better and harder and do n't know .
And one of the most important questions about a sociologist like me is , what 's the design of our evolutionary evolution ?
Is it like our hands to natural selection ?
Or , is this a little chaos in the system , and suddenly it 's like the Jill at the bottom of the Big Bang was a religious experience that was just a mistake ?
A lot of scientists have taken this idea of thinking about this kind of idea .
For example , the new maxim of compassion suggests that religion is a series of different kinds of meme , which is where we are in our brains , and we 're forced to do all sorts of crazy religions .
But ultimately , what would lose self - self to us ?
How does any organism learn to adapt to overcome that infinite ?
Let me tell you .
In " Human Hour , " Charles Darwin , wrote a lot about the content of moral psychology , and why we have it .
Darwin said that a lot of our virtues are almost impossible to do it in our own community , but they use them .
And he described a scene in which there were two early stages of human diplomacy and competition .
He said , " Well , if a tribe has enough courage , compassion and a powerful religious tribe , they 're always going to help each other , and then this tribal success is much larger and finally ruin the other . "
And he said , " Maz and less , people ca n't hide it if it does n't make any difference . "
In other words : Charles Darwin believes this group of choice
And the idea is that 40 years ago , it 's been controversial , but this concept is a very powerful evidence for the book of " Miss Williams , " and we 're going to be a powerful proof of a group of people and other species .
But the point of thinking about this problem is that it 's a chosen choice .
So let 's see : You 're going inside the crowd and the crowd .
And this is a team of college administrators .
There are competition in these teams .
These people compete with each other .
Narrator : It 's not going to be Legos .
These guys are only a few people who get to the team of teams .
Maybe they could only be able to get one to the celebrities .
So in this team of teams , it turns out it 's actually a competition .
But sometimes this is a good thing to do because of some of these people .
So , for example , he would say that the ultra - competition was very highly averse to the participants .
But then the competition is there , and it exists in the same game as well as the others .
When you put those people in a boat and compete , they do n't have a lot of collaboration , because their benefit is in the same boat .
Only cooperative they can win because they make a team .
They sounds like a little bit of this , but they 're the core of their core core .
Narrator : The main argument for dealing with the group of choice has always been so far before the crowd has been to encourage the groups of cooperation , but once once there is a team of collaborators , they 're going to be used by " Love " to work with people .
Let me give you an example .
And if we have a small organism that might be bacteria , maybe it 's not going to assume that this organization will be the pattern of the system .
It 's good . They 're going to be able to get each other , and they 're working on each other , they work together .
You can see that in a binary sphere , they 're all going to be able to do it , faster when they grow two times , you see how they reproduce , and it 's how it grows .
But if they have a mutation .
And this is an organism , and it 's a very strong way of connecting .
It 's always more expensive .
So when you look at green and the blue line , you 'll find that green change is more and less smaller .
So this is how it works .
We just start from a small green beginning when it 's in blue , and it gets wealth , food and everything else .
But very quickly , these partnerships .
These are the " Love hitchhiking . "
If a group ca n't solve a hitchhiking problem , it would n't get good to follow the benefits of cooperation , and the crowd is not going to do it .
There are a lot of ways to solve hitchhiking phenomena .
It 's not a hard problem .
In fact , nature has solved it a little bit faster .
The world 's favorite approach is to put everybody in the same boat .
For example , why every cell of each cell has its own DNA , it 's completely unsolved .
And that 's because they 've been all independent of bacteria bacteria and they get together to become superhydrophobic .
And it might be another one , and we still know why , but once they have a layer of layers around them , they 're all in the same kind of grid , all of the business of all the workforce , so we 've got a very , very common individual .
Now let 's go back to this model of one of these individual bodies and put it into a " Love hitchhiking hitchhiking , " and we can see what happens .
A superstar is a very small entity .
This is a powerful and dynamic entity that can use all the resources from the green , the spinal cord .
And very quickly , the population population actually consists of these new populations .
I 'm here to show you the history of history , and sometimes it 's called a huge change .
Darwin does n't change the rules , but there are some new things in this area and it looks like this .
This is not the natural posture of nature , and it 's in some of the bacteria .
And this is about 100 million or a half million years ago , and some of these lonely hairs are created when they 're lonely , simple and flexible , or the hull of the helicopter .
And once it turns out , they 're going to be able to follow the same thing , because they are very soon to get into the circumstances of the other fields .
The last resort , the final fill - winning bike , as Darwin said .
The early stages of these early disciplines became the bee and the ants , and they changed the biosphere .
And the situation is even more spectacular in the last 50 million years , and when our ancestors became a biological creature , they brought them to the <unk> , or they 're going to go back to their own body to get their bodies out of their body and say , " My own greeting their own . "
And once they 're in the same tribe , they work together .
And the most powerful power of open - source is that the human partner is a great force to build the world as well as it can be .
Of course , the Human Genome Atlas Agency of the human population .
And the rest of the human population is very short , very quickly , and they 're going to scare them very quickly .
We do cooperation in collaboration with bees .
And in fact , it turns out that , in the Arab world , we found this kind of split in the Arab world as well as religious .
And yet , when people get together , they put them in the same activity , and they 're always moving a mountain .
Let 's look at these pictures .
Do you think they 're looking at their own interests ?
Or is it possible to follow the behavior and make them their self - interest ?
Okay , so that 's what I 'm talking about today , and I 'll tell you about TED .
Now I 'm going to recapitulate a little bit more about what I talk about today in the last three minutes .
Singer Breazeal : We have all kinds of religious experiences , including philosophers , William writer .
And most of all , like we 're climbing the secret of the clutter , we lose ourselves .
So this signaled us from a conventional , regular , middle - surface , a regular or deeper level .
We all have testosterone as well as the celebrities .
We have an application , because we evolved with the choice of choice , and as Darwin explained .
It 's a process of defense for a reason , and it 's not a mistake , but I 'm not sure that if you 're a <unk> , it is a profound thing .
And if this is a process of resistance , we 're actually evolution - religious .
I 'm not saying that we evolved for a very big religious organization .
These are the things that come out lately .
I mean we evolved to see something that we see around the world , and then we add them into a team where they 're going to be an area and the other kind of thing , or a little bit of ideas or some ideas .
And this is also why politics has an appointment .
The political sector is the conventional , much more than the self - benefit , but politics has perfect .
It 's a dynamic dynamic view .
It 's about the destruction of the bad and evil , and we all believe that we 're in a good group of suffering .
And the most important thing is , if this ring is real , it means that the face of modern society is in modern society .
Because humans , in some sense , are the same creature , like bee .
Okay , we 're bee . We 've been exiled from the tooling .
We broke the old system of freedom to replace it .
We release the imagination of the Earth and created a lot of wealth and their lives .
Now , as a matter of individuals , the freedom of independent bees .
But sometimes we have this : what are we going to do ?
How do I spend my lifetime ?
What are we missing ?
Now , we lose something that we do n't have , but the modern , the traditional world of society , is very low - tech .
It 's a very , very uncomfortable level to feel like this .
It 's like we 're like , " Stay in my home . "
One of our modern challenges of modern life is to find a lot of the hairs in the traditional world , and then to make some sort of prophylactically and do some repairs when you blow up the top .
I saw my students when I was at Stanford University , and I saw this .
They all want to look for a dynamic or a call that allows them to find the stairs .
They 're looking for their own intraocular chain .
And it gave me hope because people do n't deserve to be selfish .
Most people care about trying to overcome themselves as part of a larger organization .
And the next one is a simple metaphor to explain that this particular grammar is about 400 years ago .
People are not the island itself .
And everyone was part of the continent .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/martin_rees_asks_is_this_our_final_century.html
Christopher Martin shares some of the images , shows a personalized world : " Using space space . "
architecture , book , culture , design , entertainment , sports
<unk>
Martin Martin : A weird world "
I 'm going to talk about the fact that humans are created by their own space , but first I want to tell you why I 'm here .
I have two reasons . This is my two sons , Ford and waiter .
When the Ford was about three years old , I was with a very small room , a really small space .
My office is half a street room , and he 's half .
You know , if you 're a writer , it 's pretty crowded .
So , when it was born , I realized I had to give me some places .
It did n't have a lot of space in the house , so I could only think of my backyard . I did n't have any construction , I had about 3,000 dollars and some installations built this place .
This is all I need . It 's silence .
It 's a lot of space , and I can make it , it 's important .
When I built this space , I said , " I 'm not the only one to build a space for myself . "
So I did some research .
I found a tractor fan .
He had his own writing space .
It 's two breeding spaces that are very , very unique , because he and his wife , her mom , with the family .
In popular culture , myth has his own headquarters . Of course , it has its own place .
So I think I 'm going to go out and see what people are building .
This is the first space I found . In San Diego , it was my wife .
From outside , it 's a very typical garage , a good garage .
But it 's not .
And this , in my opinion , is a very classic space .
There 's a poster in the audience , and , of course , there is a form of shape , and it 's an important shape .
And then I found that space was not just just inside .
This is a guy built in his backyard , and it 's on the vertical axis , which is the place where the Tibetan Plateau is .
He was in charge of trash .
This is another area in space , a little more complex .
The Highline in the year was completely used by a suicide missionary .
And it 's all about the owner of his owner .
It 's about 1,000 feet inside the inside .
So , in my first investigation , I realized that I was not looking at what I wanted to look at , but I found a lot of projectors that were going on to the board of the Himalayas and the front lines .
And of course there are some activities .
But there are some things for work , and some of them are actually collecting objects .
And most importantly , I was very surprised to find things .
In this case .
From outside , the typical garage of the garage .
This is the New York Times .
The only thing that can give you a hint of the window .
The house inside was an operator in 16th century .
The owner was taken from Japan to collect all of the materials , and they brought Japan to Japanese style .
This room does n't have a cup or a very scary one .
And all of a sudden , they 're all puppies and tubes .
This is another very typical view . This is a Congo in Las Vegas .
But you turn on the door of a garage and you see a career in size .
It 's a good reason to build it .
And the people who build it are <unk> .
It was in Hong Kong . He was training in Ireland , and he trained in this space . He trained others .
In the right side of the garage , he had a room of his own room , and he was able to do it with a very important piece of space .
So , when this space represents somebody 's career , it obviously refers to a passion .
It 's inside the U.K. .
It took a lot of 18 centuries to the 19th century .
It 's a museum level .
So , when I ended up , I found 50 different spaces .
They were crazy , and I was amazed .
But they also leave me very impressive , and they have a lot of time to build .
And I realized that they were very loved to people who loved them .
They really loved their own career .
It 's very promising and their own interests .
So they created these spaces to react to them , and they like them .
So if you ca n't have your own space , I recommend you go to one , and then go out .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/steven_strogatz_on_sync.html
The great design of design is that it allows us to express a natural humor , David Fowler , a sociologist and a mathematician , with a scientist from RHex , and gives us a couple of slides .
design , exploration , humor , photography
<unk>
David Hoffman on designing design , exploration , humor
And I insisted to be very , very firm , until I was about a couple of days ago , but they said no to the end of the last couple .
Which brings me to the slides more than the slideshow , and even more useful , you can adjust the slide .
I have to say that we do n't have a lot of time -- we 're going to do it , you know , if you 're using a Band - Aid -- you ca n't see the nectar , or the side , or the side , but maybe it 's a compromise that we ca n't focus on , we can not pay attention to that , if you 're not going to work at the same time , you could n't care about it to be a little bit more focused on it . We do n't
So that 's one of my ideas .
And it turns out it 's a very problematic thing to do .
And the best thing you 're looking at is actually they just throw it down , and we 're not here tonight .
So we started the first one .
In this case , some people have convinced a long time in Portugal .
Anyway -- this is my first time -- I want to say -- you know , fly down a night , and I looked at the wall and said , " Oh , how simple .
And you get this big bank , and it 's only one one .
I mean , Steve .
And all of a sudden , it 's a very simple kind of cathedral , and my daughter , my God , I 've taken a picture .
And I thought , God , this is what I 've been looking at in the subway , and the cool thing I 've seen in my town .
Until a couple months ago , I went back to the same airport -- and I wanted to -- I just looked at the top of the needle and said , " Wow , C - C . "
And I realized that it was just just the front door of the road .
And I was so inspired by designing the emotional and the information that I used to read before they were at the other time , and they respond to the rest of the time and how they react to this story -- regardless of what it was like -- whatever it is .
The design of this area is really clear to me that I think it 's very simple to explain what I 'm talking about .
This is a piece of a garage , and it 's the same thing on the same thing .
Now , this is the original door . You see what it means .
You know , it 's written very hard .
Let 's look at the second door and look at what 's going on .
Okay , where do you want to walk in front of that ?
Same color , same message , the same thing .
And the only different thing is , what 's the emotional owner of the owner -- thinking , " Which is schizophrenic ? "
But it 's not written . It does n't need to write .
I would like to stop in another one .
And I believe a lot of people have discovered that this year is more complicated than the last five years .
It became so simple , so it 's a little bit of an oxymoron , and it starts to express self - expression .
But when I was at Panzi school , I saw this <unk> , and I found that this was even a monster artist .
This graffiti artist artist comes up to this , just to just get a little bit closer to it .
He did n't like it before .
This is a book of Dusty .
I came up with a little bit of this , and this is a billboard in Florida , or they did n't want to get the headrest and they would n't do it with the people who would like to put it on the board , so they just threw out the part of the billboard .
And I think it might be more likely to be able to get your attention more than that .
And hope you do n't want to buy the ballast to buy stuff -- it 's called " <unk> . "
This is my second book .
The first one is called " soupe primordiale , " and it also has a movie and William partner .
The end of the print is already written in print .
And I started with William Jurvetson , and he said , " No -- no -- he does n't believe that this is the end of the print .
And I said , okay , I just wish you could give this movie and the books , and he finally agreed to agree .
And in the end of the movie , he said , " I 'm not going to get out of it , and I try to try and do that , but it 's not easy to look at it . "
So , when the camera is developed , someone says , " You know , you 're looking at the drawing .
Now people go to use a camera .
And of course , that 's empathy .
So this is " Second sight " -- my book about intuition .
I think it 's not the only element in design , but it might be most important .
Everyone has a intuition .
It could n't teach , in fact , most of the vast majority of people throwing it to the process of working , because they do n't have to quantify it in the way that they can teach people to teach them , " The stages of intuition is a hard thing , but we 're going to take you to look at the wall of business , or do business . "
So it turns out it 's broken .
Here 's a quote from Einstein , who said , " In the way of exploring the road , intelligence does n't work .
It 's only as if you 're in a long time -- it 's called " agile , " or any name -- the answer to you , you do n't know where it is , and you ca n't see where this is coming , it does n't understand why . "
It 's kind of like a person who says , " What 's the song ? "
PH : You get the answers to the answer , and when you 're not going to think about it , it gives you a little bit of time when you do n't want to think it .
I like this for a couple of reasons .
If you have any design classes , they 'll tell you that this ca n't read .
And I think that the last thing you 're going to do is , you know , more importantly , I think it 's right .
" Do n't think it 's self - communication . "
One thing is clear , and it does n't mean it 's communication .
And more importantly , it does n't represent the right message .
So before people read , what was the message ?
And I think this is a lot of fun .
This is collaboration with Sierra Leone .
And I was collecting up with his wife and his son , and they were able to get more than half of their time to predict what was going on in the age of the time .
The book is called " The Lord of Pearl " , " and it 's a different quote .
It 's -- many of them do n't have been published , and I 've written a lot of water .
And this is the original content of the content page .
I had a lot of time to breathe , and the publisher was a little bit of a traffic ticket to put it on the end , and it was just less than 400 pages left .
But I decided I like the content page , and I loved it -- so I left it .
It 's not about the content of the books , but I think , it 's pretty good when the mustang is .
And this is a couple of wiki sites in the book , and they said , " The new medium is not connected to nature ; they 're natural . "
" The invention of print , " and the idea of <unk> , is that the concept of a literary leader , the notion of " Love Leadership " , and also a habit of aesthetic property , which is never heard before .
" Technology technology is going to be used for a long time when the old technology has been used to the older technology . "
" When people go to the creation of creating a new world , they keep staring at the world . "
I hate these things , and I 'm not going to do it .
" In the era of the electronic era , nobody else has no other environment , except the information pathway there . "
And that 's what he felt like , and this is the case of choice .
So this is a project that 's done for the Red Brigades .
And I put it out because it looks like it 's about nine years , and it works after 9/11 .
I was discovering a catastrophic air railway station that I bought in Los Angeles , and I picked up the house in Los Angeles .
In the ' 60s , a few yards of post - conflict conflict , some air trucks .
And I asked the people who were just the ones we had , and what he said was , " What 's the top thing ? "
Okay , I said , " Well , let me go . "
And I finally ended up on the bottom , and then the older ones were married and the bust , the marches , was very high .
And what 's interesting about it is that it 's used by a very cheap metal metal painting , and it has been surrounded by the water and the spider , the spider .
And then I went , and what did they do ?
You want to think about the concrete and what 's going on .
But anyway , I made the bow Street Film Festival on the board of a Super Jazeera board , and so it had been used . I thought I was ready .
And one of the experiments of doing this is to give a customers , and we took a group of six and a half to try to figure out the print of print as a medium interface .
So , this is a bunch of wood .
I put this picture with a different approach .
And on top of it , there 's a piece of paper that says , if you want to look at the picture -- think about surfing -- to get to the website .
I guess a lot of surfing actually ran to the site and looked at the picture .
I do n't find data , so maybe I 'm not talking about it .
I do n't have a website ; it 's just one of the work .
This is a facility in New York called " The lean Environment , " which I 'm doing .
It 's been abandoned in New York City , and it 's a little smaller .
You ca n't , that , you would never really see -- but it was a little bit of a certain kind of song .
It said , " If a little company could fake , we could go . " But I was really kidding .
And these are trimmed out of the Houston store , and you know , it 's a bit of a letdown , you know , " Huh ? "
It was fixed to do it .
It does n't look like some , you know , the stuff that looks like a real thing .
A poster for the U.S. art Center , in a school in Florida .
And this thing is extraordinary , and the product that I 've discovered recently .
I was totally troubled about Christmas , and this early stage , which is not just what they 're supposed to be -- but they also have this need -- it 's a kind of a skin scent .
This is the old product , or a new set of products , and I would like to think , well , how do I do this ? How does this happen ?
I 'm going to do puzzles around the world , and this is a piece of paper that 's designed for the brush .
I think it 's an acceptable solution .
And this student actually threw them out of the night and put it in all the shops and restaurants , and I always had to imagine a couple of years old .
I spent a couple of years ago .
It 's a global brands .
Interestingly , I 'm a bit of a training ; no design training , and sometimes people say , " You 're not a fun experiment , because it 's fun to get me to sell them to improve the stock ward .
They accused their heads to hate themselves .
I found that this was true in my work .
To make it seem to be a little bit human , and I have to offer the words and the people , like the ad -- no , no one 's ever talked to them .
We 're going to tell you about consumer , and there are a lot of people who are sitting there , or there are family friends , who have family control .
Our maiden voyage of wills , " Thank God . "
So , we tried to take a -- the high - performance elements of these guys , the " competition of competition , " and you know , it 's a great , no punishment .
You know , " Thank God , I 'm going to go back to a very granular job , and the gray ones are listening to each other .
But anyway , it 's one of my favorites , because there 's a little girl who looks like a girl looking at the computer .
It 's like , " You know , across the Egyptians . "
This ad was published .
But the German government did a little bit of change , and they did n't tell me , because the thing was going on , it took you to look at what changed you .
This is the commercial bee in the world , which is a little bit of this .
Now there are two questions .
If you want to put a piece of paper in the ads , you get a life full of life .
I 'm always going to feel it out there , and it 's just a week , you know .
And he waits so much for this program , and you see ...
And that guy explained to me this change , like , for example , we do n't have schedules ; why do we put it into advertising ? "
PH : I learned that their logic . I was completely anti - organizing , and the world was very , very close to the end of the United States , but I 'm sure that the German guy could get a black hole , even though we could n't know ?
This is some work from the Guardian magazine .
It 's a magazine that you read to read , and you hear music , and you try to read it .
They do n't have any system ; no system , no cruelty .
This is a discussion from Brian Eno , which is exactly what our personalities look like .
So , like rock stars , they 're talking about the stock ward .
There 's a lot of paper in this room .
And I was very fortunate to find a teacher who sat in the book .
Talk about Brian Eno -- and it was really boring -- so I used to give up the Houston Film Festival .
You can examine it , put it into a rectangle or something different .
And I believe you can eventually grab it out , but it 's not worth what you do .
And after doing a lot of magazine , I was very interested in how to deal with the big news news , and I was very interested in looking at " The Vagina Monologues " and the " 60s . "
And they brought me very , very loudly of their choice , and what we 've seen is that we 've seen a picture of <unk> .
And I think " The Vagina magazine " might get the best one .
And it 's a very exciting one -- the weight of the plane is going to hit and down and do n't get a lot of gold , and if you 're very good , you ca n't use it -- I mean , I 'm talking about the front page , " or " Oh , let 's take this front . "
But when I pause " The Vagina " , some kind of stuff , has a lot of time .
In the left , we see people dying or they 're dying .
And the content on the right - hand side tells us a new way to prevent it .
Slim - bodied , it 's not because it breaks down .
And if you look at this picture of this woman -- who knows what she 's doing right now -- and on the right -- " He always knows how to get me excited . "
Yeah , the husband 's actually running out of the building . It 's -- unfortunately , it 's kind of a little bit like this , maybe a Jack .
These are all over the Web .
It 's a little bit .
" Professional Boy . "
There was a lot of kids who were working on this day , and there was a little mosquito that was taken out of it .
I think even if I put a cup , it 's better than that .
And this is probably impossible to lose : both women face one direction , all the way down .
One -- who can feel her suffering ; the other one is going to be the same .
And there 's a couple of months after -- I was doing a meeting in New York , and then one person was coming back to me and said , " They 're just email to email -- they 're going to be a little bit of a talk when they go to the back of the car and find a few months to go out and get it out of 9/11 .
And that 's what they found .
It 's not a lot of fun for the car , and it 's a really bad thing to do .
Here 's my desktop computer .
This is a guy who tells me a little bit about what I call " bastards . "
These are the key examples of my talk -- maybe some kind of relationship to me .
We get closer and closer .
And I 'm looking at it at the top of the airplane , as a consequence .
I do n't know if it 's a progress or a good idea , because if you 're still in the keyboard , you can do it in a keyboard like this , and it does n't have to be a little bit like you ca n't get out of it .
Now there 's a plate , and it 's very , very easy to do a little bit of a piece of wood , and then ...
I just do n't know if it 's progress .
If you 're skeptical about the power of the mass , it says , " Hitler consent . "
It 's an extreme case for me about emotion , which is the power of efficacy , although it 's a sin of liberation .
What ? What 's the people ?
And when we 're more connected to technology , the importance of technology is clear .
You have to stick with your personalities .
There is no other way to do that : no one can do it with your own life , your parents , your lives , your lives , your life .
And if you do that , it 's the only way to create unique work , you can like your work .
This -- I like " Art , " and it 's not going to get the work out of it .
One woman took the ads to her faces .
And it 's good -- she 's given " The Vagina Monologues " -- maybe he 's called " ocean - pint " or " Autumn of the ocean . " She pays off .
But more importantly , she was willing to get 20 dollars to find this little bit .
So I thought , yes , I 'm going to get the opposite of the 20 bucks .
I imagine people just shouting on the ocean a little bit like the surface of the sea , and you 're going to go to you and say , " Oh , you have to say , " Oh , you know , if the ocean is not . "
I 'm sure she does n't find a lot of money , because I put it out .
A few years ago I was invited to talk about a meeting in front of a conference .
The theme is the courage , which people call me a graphic designer .
And I interviewed a picture of my father 's father , which was a test pilot , and he told me when you were a pilot who told you about 40 to 50 percent , you 'd be blessed to you .
That percentage of these percentages is very high .
But you know , the government made a airplane ; they said , go to it ? Do they want to fly ?
Somebody goes ; somebody did n't do it .
And I started thinking about something that I had to do , like a couple of other things I 'd have to do with Al Gore .
And most of the time , it 's not going to be life .
So why does n't work ? Why do n't I bother ?
Why do n't you put your personalities into the work ?
When I was sleeping , I always asked students to work a good job for the students ?
And as teacher , you heard the answer , and you have to give the right answer .
I heard the best -- I believe that some of you have heard about -- well , the definition of work is : If you lose -- if you ca n't do it , you 're still doing the same thing ?
If you will , your job is great .
If you do n't , what are you going to do ?
Are you born ?
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/atul_gawande_how_do_we_heal_medicine.html
Devotional technology , Kevin Kelly asked : " What 's the design of technology ? " and it 's very similar to life .
choice , culture , evolution , future , history , philosophy , science , technology
19
Kevin Kelly on technology technology
I do n't know if you want to think , but I did n't realize what technology meant to me .
I spent the last year thinking about how it works .
Do I want to look at technology ? I 'm going to deliberately fiddling with it ?
Am I going to be careful ? Compare it to me , the latest thing is that it always gets depressed .
But on the other hand , a couple of years ago I sold all of my collection to my strength , and 3,000 miles of American land , the power of which , most of all , only ate the water cake and eat food .
In fact , I tried to keep it further , trying to do it , try to reconstruct my life .
And also , I 'm going to give up a piece of paper , and it shows a paper every day .
So I 'm a really troubled thing about what technology really is , and it 's associated with human relationships , with natural relationships .
I do n't even know what we really know .
It 's one of the first ideas for technology to technology .
This is the first one that I found in the modern way of modern language .
It appears to be the University of Chicago , which was used in Cambridge .
In that time , the word " technology " does n't exist , but obviously technology is there .
I love a definition of technology for technology .
He said that the technology was invented after you were born .
But it covers a lot of what we 're talking about .
Danny Hillis is actually a sign of representation -- and he said , " Well , technology is really not anything .
And I think that 's what we 're thinking about right now .
But I 'm really interested in the other definition of technology .
And it reaches into something else .
Some of these things , and when I try to understand it , I suddenly found a way of knowing that this is something that I explore .
And I 'm going to talk about it the first time .
So this is a very high - resolution attempt .
And the question I get here is , what is the technology about technology ? What does it mean to be a chocolate or a snake , and I 'm talking about it ?
In the developed scenario , what 's going on is what it takes to think about : a method of thinking about biology , and we hear a lot of it .
Richard Dawkins 's technique is : Think of them as genes , genes .
So he said , " What 's the genetic sequencing ? "
So I said , " What if we take our culture to look at our cultural world , what about technology ? "
Clearly , it 's an incomplete problem , like a gene is not unique to the genes .
But it 's still a mess . So , I tried to say , if we take technology to technology , what would it be ?
And I think , once we asked this question , we have to actually go back to life , because obviously , if we come back the origins of technology , I thought , from a certain point of view , I think it would go to life .
So , I 'm going to start with a little tour of my life .
As you hear earlier , we do n't really know the life of life on Earth .
We really have no idea .
And Sylvia Earle 's dilemma was a great advocate for the Great dinosaur .
And the work of Brian Eno is a part of the way , and the fact is that all the species on the Earth .
One thing we should do is to take a look at the lens of the Earth and watch random faces , looking at what life is . If we use Mars , we 're not going to see a lot of amazing species on Earth .
This is not another planet , and this is what 's happening on the planet .
This is a ant 's nest on the clenched side .
Every one of these organisms -- you know , you 're looking at it from a piece of paper , and it 's all these amazing things that are going on into the rules of life .
I bet the biology of biology is right for any organism to do it .
None of the things we want -- if you 've heard a little bit about the habit , you will know that no one 's talking about all the lives of life , because every one of them is going to be a part of it .
This is the solar sea . It 's called the grass grass , and it unites its energy when it 's in the body .
And this is another one . This is a sneak preview . It 's just in the bottom , the blue , it 's a mosquito - blowing reef , and it does n't have to eat a coral reef .
These are all puppies , and if we look at the same form of life , it 's about six and a half centuries , six systematically : the plants , the genetic , organisms , these fungi , of bacteria , to the bacteria .
This is the general form of life , which is a way of looking at the Earth 's life .
But the other thing that 's interesting is that if you take a long time to see the current way of thinking about it , it 's going to evolve to see it .
And here we have a evolution status , it 's not a linear time , we 're going to get it out of the center .
And in the middle of the center , it 's the top of all life , all the same six - legged sites .
It 's a species of species , and you see us in the Houston store .
I like this , because it shows all the organisms on the planet .
Those fungi and bacteria and humans are highly evolving .
And they 're kind of like the same testing , and it 's going to be what they 're looking at today .
But we see , each of these are actually the same way , and it 's going to be a way to survive .
If we look at the celebrity of life , if we start talking about evolution , what 's evolution ? We see a bunch of things .
One thing about evolution is that the Earth ca n't find life .
And we 've found that the core of life is in every long term of long , long - term monitoring -- there 's bacteria in rocks .
In life , it does n't have a queen . It 's in the same way , and it 's all over .
The Earth has more lives on the planet and the dynamics of life .
And the other thing we see is diversity . We see the stars .
What we see is that the cells of the individual cells are a lot more specific , and the cell cells .
And we can clearly see them very well .
In fact , we have data shows that the data is actually going to be more complex .
And finally , I 'm going to talk a little bit about the Hippo board .
And we see one thing in life , which is that it 's growing exponentially , and there are more lives in the whole environment .
It 's like beachcombing , they 're all filled with other lives .
They do n't get the contaminated objects . They 're more evolving .
So , evolution is about five : the universal , common , unique , complex , and the community . I 've taken this idea , say , " What 's the point of technology ? "
And I asked , what is technology ?
So , obviously , I found that it was also moving to the gallery .
And here we see the common stock rate , and we 're getting closer and closer to time to time .
Obviously , diversity . Lots of stuff .
This is all about Japanese family .
My daughters -- I 'm going to give her a baby , and I want to leave her around the summer last summer and see how much technology we have .
And it turns out a little bit of a sudden .
I did research , and I found that the British Brigades was only about 7,000 objects in the house .
He was a England England , and it was all in England .
So we see a lot of diversity .
This is a quote from Michael Morpurgo , who appears to see he saw the machine , and he looked at the machine .
Well , this is exactly our trip : the world machine .
Successions of new technologies are just the other technology .
Most machines will only interact with other technologies , regardless of technology , or life .
Number three : bio - fractal , natural ideation , and I 'm happy to say , I 'd like to tell you that the robot is responsible for this .
So the primary trend of technology , actually , is organisms like biological evolution , and we see the same trend , the common , social , complex and complex , because if we plot it , you can actually track different kinds of evolution .
I think , in fact , technology is a world of life .
It 's working with functions and functions so we can think of it as a kind of a noisy space .
So it turns out it 's in the top , the animal kingdom , and if it does it , we 'll find -- we 're actually going to have this technology .
This is Doug Engelbart , and he came together with Steven Johnson .
But the amateur , he also covers a ruler .
He has the world 's largest collection -- about 500 .
He decided to put them as a glue or a snails , and they were able to analyze them in time .
This is his chart , and it 's not completely open .
But the most interesting part of this is that if you look at the red line , it 's basically a little bit of a fuss that nobody has ever created now , and the biology does n't .
You ca n't get to the next day , and you ca n't get the generation .
But in technology it 's going to happen . It 's very unique , and you can see that this is a piece of paper , which is the system of technology .
In fact , the idea is very important , so I start thinking about how the old technology works .
In fact , technology does n't die .
And I gave a scientific tribute to an audience , and he said , " Well , is it ? "
They 've disappeared . They 're actually in fact .
They 're not only in either , you can buy a new part of the car .
This site has sold new parts of this site , and I really like it , so I love it as a click button , you know , it 's going to be a clicked . I mean , there is somebody who 's selling rapamycin .
So I started thinking , maybe this is just a case .
Maybe I 'm going to go through a way of plausibility .
And I picked up a couple of times a little bit in 1969 , and I 'm going to get a page of the page -- and it 's not just any choice -- I do n't have any difficulty , because there 's a lot of paper , but I 've chosen this page . But I said , " How many of you are making this ? "
It 's not the case . I 'm going to know how many things are still building .
The answer is yes .
They 're also building . So you can buy corn gas .
I do n't know who the maize is .
It 's corn - corn gas -- you 're also buying it , the circuit tag , all of these things are n't the same thing , and these are -- and that 's -- , you can build it . You can go and buy a whole new set of making , a new set of ideas .
In fact , you get 50 dollars a year , and it 's almost exactly exactly the same way that we 're going to get the same way .
It has a long bowl of bowl , 50 dollars , and in fact , the fact is that it never disappeared .
It 's not just enlightening slavery ; it 's been there .
And in downtown Springs Springs , Las Vegas , the Rift year , and the last 20 years was kind of a practical thing .
Even when we 're trying to give out a technology , it 's very difficult .
We all heard a little bit about Legos .
We heard about Japanese people .
We hear about this , that . But I go back to the history of history , where you find some of the examples of technology , and then I tried to figure out what they 're going to do when they come back , because I 'm trying to find them back . It 's very , very strong , but it 's a sense of what 's going on in history . And that 's what it is , you know , it does n't have to be a matter of choice and you ca n't get it
It 's purpose - blowing .
And when we do that , we 've taken this culture of life , and we see that every time we find it , the majority of the time that life develops -- it 's actually going to change and change the evolution of evolution .
They actually change the way it is .
So the evolution of evolution is basically increasing evolution .
So , in the process of life , the new way of making new ideas , new methods are always increasing . Really practical skill is how you explore .
And what we 're looking at is the idea that the people in this room are prophecy to predict -- and he thinks technology is evolving faster .
It 's moving through the way that we look at the notion .
So , if you have a life of life -- life is a blessing , and the game race is going to change the way the race rules to reach games .
And technology really is really better evolution .
That 's what we call the infinite game .
It 's the definition of infinite game . It takes a game to win , infinitely carefully game game is going to go .
I believe that technology is actually a cosmic force .
The origins of technology is not in the Rift Valley , and it 's actually the beginning of the Big Bang , which is a tremendous amount of time on the universe . The universe is compressed into a little bit of C. elegans , that 's not possible .
That is the definition . There is no temperature .
There 's no difference . And in the Rift Bang , it 's going to spread the difference between difference .
So , when it spread , we might have different , diversity , choice , choices , chances , or freedom .
It 's basically the same thing .
So that 's how technology gives us something .
Technology has given us : choice , freedom .
It 's the importance of technology , which is progress .
So , when we hold it down , we compare it to the bed nets .
So we keep playing technology -- because we need these things . These things are good .
Normally , freedom , choice , maybe .
Every time we make a new opportunity , we 're making a platform to build more new ones .
And I think this is really important because if you can imagine that it 's a lot of money in the piano technology , it would be a lot of loss .
Think of a technology that 's been in a cheap technology .
Think of it as if you were in the movie a little bit earlier .
There 's a couple of kids who are born with their self - expression of self - expression .
We have the moral responsibility of technology that everybody has the potential to achieve their real difference .
We need to have these individual bodies .
That 's what technology really needs .
I 'm going to skip some anti - righting response because I do n't know why the forests are .
I do n't know why , at least this is a little bad technology , and I 'm not sure how it 's going to be our dignity , I just recommend it , because it is very close to the world , maybe we can take a look at it .
Maybe in some ways , what we 're trying to do is to make a good job for technology .
In rodents Springs , Marco is a horrible thing , but it 's good to get a lot of death in it .
The people are actually using technology .
And all of us think we like a humanitarian of the technology , and that 's the power game .
We talked about this .
See , technology is a method of evolution .
It 's a method for discovery and opportunity , and creates more .
It 's actually a game of play , all game games .
It 's technology .
So , when I think about technology , what I believe is that it 's about everybody here , and I 'm convinced that everybody has a task . You have a mission to find your mission .
The natural nature is a game game .
If you 're playing good , you 'll have somebody else 's game , and the game continues , even if you leave .
That 's the infinite game . Technology is a balloon that we 're involved in .
So I think we should embrace technology because it 's our journey of self - similarity to the key part .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/al_gore_on_averting_climate_crisis.html
At the end of the day , the spacecraft has been spent over a decade of time and the sea compared to the ocean , as a great audience , and he shares the politics of his planet , which we have to share with the Earth , passion and worry .
arts , entertainment , film , fish , global issues , oceans , science
<unk>
Christopher Sweeney : My garage was hard .
The first time I was entranced by a concussion was in my childhood .
And I 'm in the middle of the manila folder , and I think there are some of you who are sitting there in this room , right ? Do n't we have this beautiful headrest on the river across the rivers .
In this headrest , one of the eggs is filled with a rich river across the river , and all of a sudden , all kinds of tomato sauce singing .
It 's absolutely an absolutely magic trick , if you 're a kid at the sweet time , if you 're a great kid .
This is the surface of the string , and the Gulf of Mexico ends up .
I remember that when I first approached eBay , I was six years old .
I was swimming on the boat , and I saw the sea .
And so I went into the Rift ward , and I was struck by the speed of its speed , forces and <unk> .
It 's in my lexicon , looking at search searches , and I climbed up my hand .
I was completely overwhelmed by this amazing trick .
And then , in my lexicon , there 's a little bit of wire coming out of a different color , like it 's going to be folded .
And when I look at it , it sends dengue to the body , and the whole body creates a piece of chocolate , which has two white points on the top .
I 'm thinking , " Oh my God ! " I 'm not so interesting .
And the thing is , I decided to get it down , so I 'm going to put it back in the water .
This is a bipedal octopus leaving my hand , and it 's the most amazing thing . It loses 170 directions and -- " Heidi " -- it disappears . ♫ Sweeney : Horrible .
At the time , I realized that there was a lot of creature I wanted to understand , and I did .
And I went to college , and I had a marine biology set to go to Hawaii in Hawaii and go on at the University of Michigan .
And as a student , I was in Hawaii , and the L.A. Brigades .
There are a lot of Legos inside the street , but not so much , not as a fan of a coffee fan , and I think , I 'm going to go out and collect these amazing creatures that I 've been able to collect and transfer them to my students and put them on the very top of the paddock .
In spite of all the fish they look at , but they 're not really really connected to our species .
But the cliff has .
If you go to a baseball ticket , especially if you 're not in the morning morning , the cliff is going to be looking at you , and you will guess , " It 's really right to me if I look at me ? ' It really is really looking for me ! "
And when you go to the front line , you find the character of these scanners , and some of them love to do their own terrace , all the other things that are going to be the rest of the rock , which is the most special , the top one .
When I walked down to the front front , he was a special part of the eye .
So when I came up in front of the Rift Valley , it was only three inches thick , and it had a little bit of a millimeter on the surface , which was the rock and climbed the rocks and landed the glass behind the blade of glass .
So I 'm going to be in a place where 60 inches of the animals just looked at this animal , and it was so close to it until , until I watch my hand , I could barely read my hands .
At the time we were riding with each other , and it turned out to 38 yards across the shelf and put them in the filter system , which is going to go down and down the blade of the cushions , dengue fever and then hit the glass on the front , but the sound , the " sound , " and the sounds of the sound .
And then it goes down and down again , and the other one is going to put it down -- the same thing is called " The lean , " the sound , the voice , " the sound of sound . "
And then it turns out a little piece of wood , and I 'm going to be a little girl .
And then it turned out , and I got the other arm .
I suddenly realized that in this race , I would never be a cliff , because I had only two arm , and it was a half - arm .
But I 'd like to tell you that this is a very complicated behavior that 's at the moment of play , which is an incredibly complex act .
And this inspired one of these three years ago , and a very interesting thing happened : it changed my life .
And in the bee 's bee , he gave me a couple of my friends to go and collect the Pacific , for him , when we 're ready to get back to 16 centimeters of camera cameras .
He said , " Let 's take this voyage of aviation . "
Okay , so a few biologists to shoot a movie -- it 's going to be very interesting . And then we did this , and we actually did it , we made a film , although it might be a raw movie , but I thought it was very fascinating to me . But I felt funny .
And I remember looking at the head and I thought , " Wait a minute .
Maybe I could never have this career .
Yeah , I want to be a photographer . "
So I got out of this expedition , and I was leaving the hill , where I had never told anybody else to tell someone else that I did n't know .
This is a wonderful experience .
And of course , what I learned in school was a great success .
As a secular photographer , you need to go to the wilderness shot in the wild , especially their lives , and the schools are learning how to tell me about how the animal is going to identify the species .
But I started to really understand the squid , and when you shot them , you have to spend a lot of time and look at them in their world .
I remember that I had one time to Australia , and I went to an island called the Personal Coast .
In fact , the evolution of the spaceship is pretty fast , and if it 's in the name of its name , because I can assure you , you know , I 'm sure that the island is at least 122 times .
It 's in a beautiful coral reef .
And in fact , there 's a long day in diameter , which is a very common day .
There are a lot of coral reefs that are beautiful , and many of the organisms , there are lots of epiphanies .
And Australia in Australia , although they do n't have a unique , but they 're not a metaphor .
In fact , there 's a one .
So our first task is to find them , it 's a challenge .
And our idea is that we just just came up with a month , and I hope that this animal is about to adapt to our own existence , so we can look at their behavior .
So our first week spent a lot more time to go closer and closer to them , and a little bit of it , little bits , little steps .
You know , you know where they feel nervous , and you have to get a couple of hours to live .
And the first week they ignore us .
They might wonder , " Well , I 'm not going to be able to do anything , but they wo n't hurt me . "
So polls start to do their own things , and we 're going to look at them as a very , very incredible experience .
And I remember one of the most amazing pictures of view , at least what they normally do .
They use all sorts of different techniques to help their resources , especially they 're very smooth .
They noticed that a coral reef was about two feet thick and started moving there .
And I do n't know if they saw the crabs in this room , or maybe there is a one , but , anyway , they 're going down to the bottom of the coral reef , and it 's going to be completely sterile to this reef and then put it in the reef .
And as soon as the crab touches them , it breaks down .
I 've always wanted to know what 's going on inside the street .
So we came up with a way of thinking about it , and this is the first time I showed you that they used it to eat this famous sign .
Very impressive .
If you want to draw a whole series of different kinds of documentaries on different animals , you might have a very common animal .
Archaeopteryx is a kind of a distributed area .
And they were living in the Rift Valley .
I do n't want to mention a squid that I care about on the ocean , but anyway , I like diving diving .
It 's like starting a new journey .
If you 're willing to lose everything that you 've never seen before you never see , get a chance to recognize something that has never been seen .
You put it on the board , and you cut it down , you open a little bit of oxygen , it breaks down and it absorbs your breath .
hopped down , it 's a world of connection between the ground , except in particular radio signals .
And when you put it on the ocean , the water falls off .
Simple silence .
You feel great .
As you go down and down the water , the blue blue is farther apart .
Eventually , it turns out that thousands of feet , tens of thousands , have become a black hole .
You 've got the middle of the ocean .
You can take a lot of examples about the habitat in the ocean .
And enough of you can tell that it 's not the most pessimistic and most important animal in the world .
But what we know is that it 's almost about 95 percent of the planet that we have on our planet , and I think more of it .
In the middle of the ocean , there 's a big mountain , 40 miles long , and it takes the whole Earth .
They 're a huge amount of money , and there are thousands of feet a million feet , some of them get a lot of water on the water .
The top top of this mountain has a tank .
And when you put it in the middle , you 're going to go into a very stimulating place because there 's thousands of dials in any time , and all 40 feet are possible , all 40 feet .
And when it hits the plate , the fishermen are going to fill it out , and so you can see that there 's a Rover on your side .
And in the top of their top are three thick water , it 's a huge pressure to get the flow to the center of the Earth , and until it comes up and down , there 's just a lot of dengue that 's going to be stored in it and then start to fill the wind and put it on the ground .
In fact , the area is like the whole kind of traffic jams .
It 's about 600 and 700 tigers .
And there are only two miles across the surface .
So it turns out that it 's got to get rid of all of the stuff , and the thing that 's going to be the same thing , the thing that 's going on , and the things that come out of it .
And it turns out that there 's a little bit of gold and a crowded thing that they have about 10 and a half feet high .
And it turns out that it 's a heat saber across the edge of the sail .
You know , you 've been able to live all across the surface of all the places all over the place , and they 're probably going to get a thousand feet long .
There 's a red red shark on these beetles .
So life is a complete dome , like shrimp , fish , B , chips , bats , and large plankton , they 're going to be very dangerous at risk and water .
The whole ecosystem had no idea until until I was in 1958 .
It 's completely filled with science before .
It causes scientists to do the origin of life on Earth .
And in discovery , the core of the Earth , all of life , is thought about relying on the sun , depends on how to cross the sun .
But in the deep ocean , there 's no sunlight , so it 's not there . It 's a kind of a piece of California , and life is so short that life is so short .
And when you take this incredible deep deep edge , you feel like you 're wearing a planet .
But it exists in the Earth , and it 's just a great place to see alien creatures .
But if you go back to that Rover , it might be completely dead .
They do n't have water vessels .
All biological creatures disappear , but it 's a wonderful suspension market that 's still in the form of a very beautiful suspension town , a grotesque trick , no life .
But at the top 10 miles ...
Oh my God ! There 's a different alga .
And there 's a whole new thing that has been built in a whole new way .
The life expectancy of life is about 30 to 40 years in all these camps .
And in that natural environment , it did n't really have a real difference between what I saw in the world of 35 years of life that I had ever seen .
When you walk out a nice sailing boat .
And after the end , you go to the home , and you thought , " Well , I see them .
Oh , I know where I could draw them .
This is a beautiful sailing , there 's a lot of technology and variety of wheat . "
And when you stop , they 're dead .
There 's no coral , no algae , sea sea matter ...
You think , " What 's going on ? "
When you circle around , there is a silver ball , and it 's the ring of the cushions , the bulldozer , the bulldozer .
It 's going to be a silver lining .
Here 's the tropical breed .
A lot of them came out .
So the dry wind is heavy , and the heat blows up in the wind , let 's cut coral reefs out .
And the chemotherapy and the <unk> , from the Gulf of wood to get rid of this rock , killed all of the larvae and small animals , and a lot of a variety of animals that have plankton , which makes the ocean sterile .
But the exciting thing is , I noticed some good things .
I went to a lagoon in the bay .
And I was looking at it as bad as the other , and it was a terrible job to work in a other way .
After five years , I went back to this place and she was a great beach , and it was beautiful .
It 's all full of coral reefs and fish , and the fish sea , you ask , " What 's happening ? "
This is all from the local community .
They realized that everything was going on in the Bay Area , and they were able to stop the power of the leader and the headrest to implement their responsibility to work and to try to get the wind to keep the rocks and it was not going to hurt the heat to the rock , so that the hull got into the Gulf .
The ocean has an amazing ability to self - repair , if we give it a chance .
I do n't think I 'm going to do it again .
And she said that part of a group of ideas can change the world .
Indeed , this is a truth .
It 's a group of people who have the idea of thinking about the boat .
I really believe that the power of ordinary people .
And I came up with a lot of talk about a couple of sessions , and one of the problems of that talk was , " But what can I do ? "
I 'm just one individual , I just got one person .
And these are the big and global , and it looks like this . "
It 's a very good problem .
And my answer is not to think of them as a big and technological problem .
You can stand up with your own position .
Seriously , look at your mind .
What you really care about is not just where you live .
Went to the way .
You have to create a environment that can flow to the environment and encourage people to do it .
Maybe these are little creatures that are going to be created in the map .
In fact , in the world of communication technology , the gap of Alaska , which is , immediately , knew what happened to China , and what 's going on in this century is that people are trying to do what they 're trying to do .
Each one can talk to the people who are talking to each other , and we 're not going to figure out what 's going on there , we 've built a network .
And that kind of cycles of systems can start to grow , even though it 's going to be done .
That 's my answer to this question .
Stand up at the top of your own position thinking , " In other words , look at your own .
What are the responsibility that you can reduce what you 're doing ?
And it goes down and down .
The animals who live in their lives ca n't do it for their own <unk> , so they have no , but we can .
In the theory , we can think of it as a human species .
We can change the way we behave in the end of the environment , as those of those who allow the boat to succeed .
The TED Prize talks about what we can do , and we do anything we could do with anything that could be done , to stop , instead of destroying the ocean , she called them " hope for hope .
I 'm talking to this proposition .
I hope that the hope of hope is possible to notice the depths of the ocean , which is a place that we 've forgotten for a long time .
And I think one of the Rovers was shattered , and if there were a bunch of big and toxic trash , that would blow them off the sea .
But today , I hope we can really care about the deep sea .
I 'm not a mathematician , but I promised , I 'll give you a choice to support the wishes of the car .
I 'll do it .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sirena_huang_dazzles_on_violin.html
New York Times Film Festival shows a group of people who studied the modern pride of modern life and cuteness , and she talks about how the music loves women to change some rules .
art , comedy , culture , humor , media , peace , women
<unk>
Shaw Shaw : In humor , through humor
For women , I was worried about it .
Not to say I do n't worry about it , but I 've learned it .
I 've learned biology .
In fact , I learned something interesting to help me with this fear .
So let me just spool it out .
Back to the ' 50s and ' 60s , the little girl should be good , and the beautiful , soft and incoherent . We have to adapt to this kind of smell , really not clear what we should look like ?
We have a lot of women .
Like our mother , our grandchildren , and our sisters , of course , is the same medium of media and the text , to teach us how to be a girl .
My mother was special .
She was a family - old , but I did n't go out and do something that women wanted to do , and she was n't buying a ticket .
Instead , she knew what I needed . She was buying my book .
And I would like to get a copy of the book book .
I also drew pictures , and since I knew that in my cartoon , I could draw it and do what I wanted to do , instead of doing something I did n't know , but I 'm not really good at doing anything I do n't have . I still have a very shy version .
And I was a cartoonist .
And when we were young , we did n't know -- we know about girls , but we do n't really know that -- and we 're totally unaware of the same thing , although we 've been taught to do this , even though we are born with the world 's most important colors ?
What are we taught us ?
Are we taught to do that ? How do we do this ? " How did a girl ?
Now , I 'm going to talk about these rules as well as culture and culture .
We 're not going to be interrupted , because women are traditional , so the wind is the women .
We brought this into the generation .
It 's not just what we think about the notion of self - expression .
And they 're constantly changing all the rules .
We do n't know what a long time happens , and it makes us very vulnerable .
Now if you do n't like these rules , the vast majority of people like this , and I know I 'm not like that kind of rule , even though I really like to do it , or even if I get rid of the rules and have no consciousness , it does n't realize that I have a little bit of a humor to change this rules ?
Cartoons depend on society .
And cartoons are coming out of us and then mixing it up .
comic strips have taken over our behavior and we love it , and the comics are inspired by inspiration , and it will inspire .
So what if you put women and comics together ?
I think you get a change .
Because women are in the ground , and we know that traditional , we can do it different .
And I started drawing a lot of chaos .
I grew up in Bellingham , Washington , outside of Washington .
Over the course of the day , a series of things went out , and the next few things , the final Rover , I thought , I 'd like to draw , I 'd like to figure out what 's going on .
And then my family fell into chaos , and I tried drawing to make our family united together , trying to put the family together .
But cartoons does n't work .
My parents opted for , and my sister was arrested .
But I found myself .
I found that I did n't wear a football bed , I 'm not wearing a bed - shirt , and I think I 'm right .
When I was 20 , I found that very few women were doing a cartoon of the cartoon .
And I thought , " Well , maybe I could break the rules off the wall . " I did ; I became a cartoonist .
And I wondered , I thought , " Well , why do n't I do this ? "
And I love politics , and why do n't I not create political literature asking people to think about these silly rules , but also Hitler ? "
My point is to be typical -- and my view is the typical view .
I ca n't change it . I 've lived here .
Even though I flew traveling , I was a American woman .
But I think the rules I 'm talking about is that , of course , every culture has its own behavior , and it has to do it with the same rules , but every woman must be faced with this kind of rule .
And so ...
Women , because we 're in the middle , we know the traditional tradition .
We have incredible emotional emotions .
Now my work is working with international cartoonist , and I like this experience . It gives me a bigger space to show the power of the truth , so quickly and simplicity .
It 's not just that , the cartoons can make a difference , not only in intelligence , but in the psyche .
I work with women from women , and they come from Saudi Arabia from Arabia , Iran , Turkish , Sydney , French , France , where we talk about what we 're facing .
These women are working on a very difficult situation to work , let the world hear their voices .
I was very fortunate to work with them .
And we talked about how women have such powerful ideas , because our own fragile status of vulnerability and we have a great impact on the role of a conventional change .
And I think that I believe that every time we change these problems , we 're all going to get rid of it .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/jane_mcgonigal_the_game_that_can_give_you_10_extra_years_of_life.html
Physicist Benoit Mandelbrot finds a very simple mathematical law of mathematics -- wealth , crime , marketing and other places , and the rest of the city is made up of a number : The city of which is the same one -- and it 's the equivalent of what the world 's going to talk about .
biology , business , cities , complexity , math , science
<unk>
Martin Schwartz : The beauty of green and entrepreneurship
Cities are the sources of civilization .
They 've been constantly scaling up the expansion of the past 200 years , and the rest of this century is going to be carried by the city of cities .
Cities are the power of global warming , and the economic economics of the eco - Saharan sector -- all these problems are caused by cities .
These are all these questions .
We felt that the balance of connection , as the tsunami , is actually the effect of the world , and that 's actually what 's going on in the world .
Let 's take a few numbers .
Less than 200 years ago , the U.S. du Soleil .
More than five percent .
Global urbanization was more than 50 years ago .
It 's about 300 new cities in the future .
And notice every week in the future , it would have 100 million people to be in our cities .
It would be affected by everything .
And if you 're living in the audience , you have to have a transformative impact on top of the urbanization .
But the city is the way the downside is , but the cities are problems .
And this is because the city is <unk> and the <unk> , and all the creative people have created ideas , and so on .
We have this sort of dynamic .
We need to use science principles .
These are my teeth .
So these great people do these jobs , and I 'm just going to tell you a little bit about it , and I 'm just going to talk a little bit about it .
And here 's a question of what we want .
By 2050 , 10 billion people on the planet want to live in places like this , and there 's no way of thinking about this kind of economic growth and do n't realize that there is a lot of that .
The problem is the London and the New York , and it 's the equivalent of that .
That 's a problem .
And I 'd like to say a lot of these things might seem to be more likely to look like what they 're looking at .
And I 'm going to say that we have a big urban scientific model that we have .
The science theory means that it 's measurable , and we can create a structure that 's predictable .
That 's our goal .
Is this possible ?
Is there a general law ?
And every time I think about it , two questions I 've spent on my head .
The first city is part of life ?
Was London a big whale ?
Is it a horse ?
Is Microsoft a giant nest ?
PH : We get something inspired .
We can use a company for the company , a city of the city , and so on , that 's a prestige metaphor or a fireman 's license .
What if it 's not to be in the city ?
You can cut a nuclear bomb , and 30 years later it still exists .
They die .
And all the companies will look at it .
If you take a long time , you should be able to predict what the Google 's supposed to be when it 's a Google .
Is this a enlist imitation .
We clearly know that .
If you ask one of these questions , how many of you have a big size of a single - section , and how much of the branches of branches , the amount of hull that leaves each branch of wood , is how big it is , it 's how long it has to live .
We have a mathematics system built on the basis of the general principle , and it could be able to answer the problem .
And the problem is that it 's used in cities .
And the first thing that we 're looking at is one of the most amazing things about life , which is that it 's a big one .
This is just a small scale , and it 's one of our mammals .
same same thing , the same dynamic , in all these animals , is that we can actually grow a billion units into a 100 units .
And it turns out that life is one of these reasons .
We talk about this one .
And from us , you 're going to grow all of the body 's body and all of the body 's body growing up .
That 's grown up .
That 's how you grow .
This is a mouse mouse .
And we 're very similar .
You can see your situation , you know .
You 're going to stop growing and down .
That line on top of this line is the same principle of principle and representation of the forest .
What this shows is a mouse growing up , and there are data points .
It 's weight and age .
You can see it 's growing .
This is a very good time to live in life , and it shows it powerful .
But for us , the economic companies and cities are very bad .
So that 's what we 're thinking .
So this is the diagram of our economy that we have on our left - hand pose chain .
And what it shows is a lot of software companies and companies , and they 're all going to be more connected to the company .
So how do we read ?
So let 's talk about biology .
So this is a graph that allows you to look at what 's going on on this graph .
And what it shows is that the gap widens the lives of life , and you need the power of a day and your weight , the weight of the day , you 're going to have a lot of weight and many other organisms .
It 's a very interesting structure , it 's fun to see 10 times , otherwise you ca n't see the picture .
In this case , you can see that every one of you falls out of the same line .
In spite of the most extreme systems in the universe , it shows a very simple situation .
And this is astonishing to every species of each of these species , and every single grouping of every variety of cells has evolved into the whole ecology of evolution and history .
But even in the evolution of Darwin 's evolution and natural selection , it finally ended up on a line .
There are other forces in it .
I 'm going to show you a little bit about the blue line that I 'm going on here .
About three times more than $ upright .
So here 's a little bit of a deal .
When the largest wave hits , it double the power of energy .
And if you look at the linear level of linear , it 's actually about 175 percent of energy .
And the beauty of biology is that it 's extremely powerful to show economic capacity .
In order to define the more objective of definition , more than one percent of the system needs .
You can think of any of the most common events , as long as you can get to this kind of thing .
It 's phenomenal .
As long as you 're talking about the size of a mammal , I can tell you about 90 percent of the discipline and lifestyle .
And the reason is it 's the network .
All of life is being controlled by the Web , whether it 's a single cell or a cell .
You 're not familiar with these networks .
This is a little critter in the elephant .
Here 's what I 'm talking about .
And you have the concepts of these networks , the general principle of the network , and all kinds of scale , all the dynamic factors , as you get inside the woods , you 're waiting for your cells .
I 'm talking about a little bit about the rhythm of growing , which is going to grow as much as you can .
It 's going to reduce you as long as you survive , through the flow of oxygen and material .
And the problem is , if it 's also in cities and businesses .
Whether London grew up in London , the Jill grew , and the cows grew and so forth .
In New York , the San Francisco was grown up , and San Diego was raised in the U.S.
Do n't know we 'll talk about it later .
But they 're all the most important online network .
Cities are just one of the other things that you have , and I want to connect with each other .
This is just a simple chart .
This is the urban scale .
And this picture shows that a very simple example of this is that the number of things that are going to be in the same way is the size of the organism , and the watchmaker can be able to look at the same results .
And it shows the trend of growth .
And you tell me that the size of the city , I can say , how many of you have this city ?
Christopher Sweeney : Okay .
This is the size economy .
The bigger side of the city is the more small and less common .
And here it is .
What 's growing up ?
It reflects just the national state of European countries , but if you look at Japan , or the same scale , the equivalent of a similar economy .
And what you see is that all the institutions that you 're seeing , or the length of the grass , is the same dimension of growth , which is a similar economy .
And the system is evolving , and it 's all about planning .
And when you look at the social economy , the economic economic revolution , we start building the community , and you 're going to be a little surprise .
And the idea is that the size of the Bonobo is the size of the size .
And the bottom thing is , " You 're super - intelligent . "
And it shows the general phenomena .
And the most important thing is , what 's important about bed nets is that the heat line is more than a tenth of a thousand miles across and on the shelf .
It means that the bigger side of the scale is that more and more , more than a lot of intelligent people are going to be more intelligent , and the more they have the stronger ones and larvae .
We 've studied all the things that are HIV - positive .
Put it together .
So let 's see if we 're going to take the GDP of the endowment , the GDP of the US and the pharmaceutical industry in a graph .
You can see it .
Here 's the drawing .
If one of the cities of a city from 10 to 100 million to 20 to 400 , by the way , the majority of dollars in the city , you know , anything you can think of about 15 percent of all the people who are going to continue to increase the business of 15 million dollars .
For all things , you can save 15 percent of the infrastructure .
It 's certainly not the reason that the city is a million times a week .
They felt that the great thing about all things is that innovation is a catalyst of innovation , and they forget the side of the city .
And that 's why they 're not .
And I do n't have time to talk about the mathematics of the mathematical network , because it 's a prestige network .
And the pattern of 15 percent is really true whether you 're in the corner of Japan , and the Pakistanis on the planet are the same .
And although cities are independent , they 're all the same data .
Here 's a general pattern .
And Eileen is our cities .
Cities are what we 're doing with each other and these activity .
I talked about it .
Narrator : The Web and their mathematics to live in life is the size of a large - scale economy , and the velocity is going to grow faster and faster .
It turns out that if the city of a civilization - based network is a little bit easier , it 's going to increase the speed of the principle , and it 's increasing .
You grow faster and faster .
On the left - hand side .
On the right - hand side , the speed of walking in a lot of European urban areas .
And finally , I want to talk about growth .
And this is how biology works .
The size of the brain makes a difference .
You 're very fast , and you keep going to keep growing , that 's what we 're going to do .
It 's not about economics and cities .
And one of the most amazing things about this is that if wealth is created , the scale of innovation is the size of a sudden , and then you get a gorgeous piece of paper , which is a beautiful one .
In fact , if you compare it to data , it 's very , very close to the developing world .
And yet , it has a deadly dynamic , and it 's a system that 's going to collapse forever .
And what it 's all about is a lot of reasons why much of the reasons is that there 's a lot of the reasons why they 're running out of cash .
How do we prevent this situation ?
What we 're doing is that when we developed a very big amount of innovation , we have a big innovation that we see , and we go from a new way of looking at the goal .
So the dynamic cycle of innovation is going to avoid the resources of the bridge .
And it 's going to require you to constantly accelerate innovation .
So the situation is not just sitting in a high - speed machine , and we have to accelerate faster for machines .
We have to keep constantly counting .
The question is , is that we can avoid heart attack .
Finally , I 'll spend a couple of dollars looking at companies .
The size of the company continues .
On the right hand there is Walmart .
The same diagram .
This is a graph that shows income and money , which is the population of employees .
We can also use anything else .
And if you look at the company , it starts with a little bit of floating floating .
We looked at the corporate industry in the U.S.
I 'm just showing you a little bit today .
The progression of entrepreneurship is that they 're growing up the size of the civilization , like the biological circumstances , and it suggests that it 's not just linear .
This is the map , and the bee can say they 're doing great things .
So if you tell me that the size of the Red Brigades , I 'm able to get a ticket .
If it 's 98 percent of the GDP , we should get a S - growth growth .
And this is what Wal - Mart looks like .
We like the shape of this shape .
But if you look at me , because I 'm going to show you a little bit about 94 , I 'm going to show you a little bit about 94 years , right ?
Let 's see how 2008 2008 .
The red line is predicted .
If I started in 1994 , I could be able to predict where the Wal - Mart was now .
This is happening in all companies .
These are all of the household companies .
And they all start with the shape of a string , and then they freeze the end of the final end and they 're like you .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/eve_ensler_embrace_your_inner_girl.html
Narrator : A great lesson to share with you about three startling things that she learned from students to learn from the wrong things .
children , culture , education
355
Kevin Shepherd : How to learn from wrong
I work for a very long time , and I 've been taught in the process of teaching a lot of kids about children and learning , I 'm very hopeful about the potential of students .
In 1931 , my grandmother came out of the front page -- from the eighth grade .
She went to school because it was the place where the knowledge existed .
The knowledge in the book , the teacher 's head , and she needs a school to get these knowledge because it was learning .
Researcher : So it 's a school that 's only one class in a class , and my father is just one of the classes in this classroom , and it 's a school school .
And the same thing , he had to go to school and get knowledge from teacher , and then put these knowledge in his only moving moving system , which was his own head , because it was the way the knowledge was brought from the teacher to the world .
When I was small , we had a set of maps .
And from my first time , I bought this MR , and it was very impressive , because I do n't need to wait to go to the library .
And this information is really great in my house .
This is a very different approach to the past , and it has changed the way that I interact with information .
But these knowledge are closer to me .
I can take them back .
In the last few years , since I was reading high school , we were really looking at the development of the network .
In the Web , as a tool for teaching , I was leaving the state , and I moved to the National Academy of Wisconsin , a town called Christopher Place , which I had a chance to get the opportunity to go and teach me , " The World Bank , " and teach me the best subject of the U.S. government . "
And that was my first year , and I was ready to teach the World government , " I love the political system .
These year - grade children do n't seem to be completely overwhelmed with U.S. government .
At the beginning of the year , I learned some things , let me change the education system .
I offer them a chance to experience their real experiences .
I do n't tell them what they 're doing , or how to do it .
I just introduced a question in front of their community , and they had a elections .
They were able to collect all these Japanese offices .
They were hooked with their butterfly .
They designed a elections for a company called Southwark Corporation to give them more understand .
They invite all of the people to go to school at night and talk about government and political politics , and they 're all building a powerful pathway , students who get really powerful learning .
And the senior teachers in school looked at me and said , " Oh , look at her , how naively she does . "
" She does n't know what she does . "
But I know that kids will be able to really believe that every week I 'm talking about how I express them .
And this evening , every night , all the people who were full of kids , were completely obeying the L.A. Ocean .
I just need to sit down and look at it .
That 's their night , and it 's a real experience .
It 's meaningful to them .
And they 're going to be more difficult .
When I left the bridge , I moved to beautiful contacts , and I taught a couple of years in Panzi town , which was teaching a few years .
Fortunately , I did n't teach American politics .
It was a more exciting convergence .
Again , very excited to learn .
But what 's interesting about this is that I found that there was a kind of a very diversity of diversity , and it 's a lot of kids who have a real number of children -- and there 's some of the time , we get some chance .
One of the opportunities is that we have to meet Paul Jordan , and this gentleman is the movie " The Battle of Toronto , " based on the character of the written character .
He was talking about high school .
We can walk into that school , and we do n't even have to sit on a bus .
They do n't require extra spending , perfect learning teaching .
And then the problem is that you 're going to have a way to talk about what 's going on in the way of race to race , and the ways to do it is to be responsible for this problem and respect that the student knows how to react to this problem .
So we decided to look at how the Paul Guard was doing , and what brought him to an example of a kind of case , which is a case of what 's going on in their life .
And then , I challenge these kids to find their lives , in their own stories , or they can find the same thing that they think they 're thinking about as people .
I want them to make a video video for these people .
So here 's the first time we try to make a film .
No one really knows how to use the computer to make a video , but they 're very helpful , I 'm going to use them to use their voices .
And that 's really the best inspired way when you 're going to use them to talk about their voices , and they say the stories they want to share .
And the last question of this session is that you 're going to take your own life to play a positive impact .
The kids said that they said , " When you ask them to listen to them , they 're very impressive .
Close to the mall , where I live .
I teach myself in science school , and it was a mixture of coffee and Florida University .
We were a nine - legged high school , but our teacher was different .
And I started to work there for a very good time to participate in the way that I understood the kids , and a way of looking at all the possibilities of all possibilities , when you 're willing to give up the standards of the time and give me my grandmother and my father to the last time , because the details of information , the information that we 're in .
So how do you do it all around the knowledge ?
PH : How do you get kids to school ? If they do n't have to get that to school ?
In Pennsylvania , we have a project that everybody has a laptop , so these kids carry their laptops , and they take their computer home and learn knowledge .
And one thing you need to learn is that when you give students tools to make tools that allow them to achieve knowledge , you have to adapt to the idea of being able to fail to be a part of a way of learning .
We 're faced with a culture of education , and the culture is a technology of one of the single and a half - dimensional culture and I 'm here to tell you , that 's not learning .
It 's absolutely wrong to ask kids to be wrong .
And I asked them to have the right answer , and not allowed them to learn .
So we took this project , and this is one of the work .
I almost never showed it because we had the idea of wrong and failure .
And my students made these information results that we decided to be able to do it as a result of our year - old content .
And I asked them to take their information graphs to see the information that 's in the media , and it 's just to look at what 's interesting about the side of the world and then design it and design a theme in other people 's history .
I came up with something else .
They thought this was difficult , because we had never been in this session , and they did n't know what to do .
They can talk about it , and they 're very tight , but they can also write a very , very good way to express the ideas that they have to do with a different way .
But I gave them the space to do this .
And to create , to find what to do .
Let 's do something about what we can do .
And the end of the year is the first time , the students , and it does n't make any sense .
This is about 30,000 times the time .
And this is a student from a very good part of this .
And then when I wanted to sit down , I asked them " Who escaped the best work ? "
They immediately want to say , " That 's " " it 's " .
They did n't have the content , and they said " this " .
And I said , " Well , what does this work ? "
They said , " Oh , design is good , and he has a good color and some ... "
And they said the ideas , we talked about it .
I said , " Now go to the content . "
And they said , " Oh , it looks like this . "
And then we talked about another assignment -- it did n't have a good visual design , but it was very good information -- we got about a long time to talk about this learning process , because it 's not a perfect , or maybe I could n't create this .
This session is going to be their work for themselves , and the assignment gives them a chance to try and reconstruct thinking , from failed thinking .
And this year , when we try to try and do something like this , they will be better than what they 're doing , because learning has to be a little bit of failure because failure has been to work in learning .
I have millions of photographs showing you , but I 've got to be careful -- well , this is my favorite one -- what 's going to look like this , and what can we look at thinking about the way that we 're singing the ideas of thinking , which is that , in a way , what they can do with the idea of being able to do this ?
Ask them really interesting questions .
They did n't make it .
I want them to go into different places , and to see different things , to really experience the real experience .
This is one of my favorites , because this is a picture of Tuesday , when I asked students to vote .
This is Kanzi , which is his first vote , and he wants to share this poll .
But it 's also about learning because we 're going to take them to the real world .
And the point is that if we continue to take education as a process to work , instead of learning the sound of the students , listen to the sounds of students ' voices , it 's wrong and failure , we 're going to worry about what 's going on .
And each of us is talking about everything that 's going to happen , and if we continue to do this , it does n't value the value of these values because we 're not able to have a piece of deregulation , a culture that has no way to put us out .
We know how better we can do it , and now we need to do better moments .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sheena_iyengar_on_the_art_of_choosing.html
And what 's circled is an application - based medical form to see diseases and injury , in a way to send signals to the body to self - repair .
cancer , design , health health care , medicine , technology
<unk>
Yves Behar tells the body of human body .
And I 'm going to talk to you about hope today .
Now , when we go to the doctor , we get a little bit of a word where we 're not going to hear it .
Some words are the ones we 're calling .
diabetes , cancer , adults , Parkinson 's disease , picks up these diseases , and the disease we know is that we 've been able to do it with a guy .
What I 'm going to describe today is a new way of thinking about this kind of disease , which is why is it important ? Why if you do n't have it , maybe our own system will break off ? What 's going on here ?
I assure you , within 18 minutes , I 'm going to end .
And I 'd like to start with this picture because this one told you about how science works .
This is a lot of different people in 2002 .
This is what happens to the magazine of Medicine .
It 's a very simple notion that anyone can understand .
It 's very simple to say that the speed of the body self has accelerated .
And here we can see how we know how to do that .
We know if the translator 's damaged , we can take a metaphor for a viewer .
This is what 's happening in the cover of science magazine .
It 's completely irrelevant .
It 's not an anti - med .
The introduction of medicine is a conversation on the cover , and when they wrote a book about the reports of the welfare medicine .
And our idea is , do n't want to change the way to improve a medical treatment or drugs such -- I 'm also going to talk about this theme -- we 're not doing it , and we do that , we can change a way of being lost , to repair the functions of our bodies and tissues .
In the end of the day , the same time , your body and your mind is the same time as you get sick .
Very small ideas -- if you agree that this is a good idea -- it 's a very little idea .
What we 're talking about is the same idea .
And if you 're in the history of history , Charles Page -- and he 's a famous famous iPhone on the plane -- is one of the first ideas of thinking about this idea . He shares a Nobel Prize with his hands to think about it , and we can do it for the question : why can we do this ?
And then they published a book in 1967 , and they started thinking , how do we get to the whole organ ?
It 's grown to us as well as we can .
And I 'd like to share with you a little bit about what 's going on , exciting research .
But before I do this , what I want to do is share with you a little bit about the fear of the Guardian system and why we should worry about it .
A lot of meetings are discussing yesterday about the quality of life and loss of poverty , and it 's going to increase the life length of life around the globe .
One challenge is , the more we get longer .
We live longer , and the more we need more money to deal with the diseases that we have .
It 's a very simple problem , which is a country that is more than 90 million people 's population .
And then you basically see how much the countries are , more than the population of GDP .
Why does this matter ?
Why is this happening today ?
And if the population population is 30 years old , and you need to treat the disease , it might just be a little bit of a asthma .
And if the population of the country is 45 to 55 years , then a common citizen might face diabetes , early scissors , Alzheimer 's disease , the cardiac lungs , and it 's more difficult to cure more and more .
The light is looking at the population of the U.S.
This is from Spirit .
In South Carolina , every retired people traded the population population .
Eight - 4 percent of people who do n't have a severe disease to get care of a healthy healthcare care system .
In 2010 , every retired family is only about two labor .
Every commercially countries in the world are so wealthy .
How could we possibly have enough money to pay for the healthcare services that we need to offer for patients ?
This is the relationship between age and medicine .
You can see , it 's about 45 and 45 years , and the health costs suddenly suddenly sudden .
And this is really interesting -- if you do the properly statistical study , you can see how many of you have spent your health care , put it on the Y - axis , and then X - Geckos on your life .
And when you die about seven years , you 'll see a peak .
And then you can actually . Oh -- -- we 're not going to say that .
There are some things that are very , very few things , and that 's what we really can do .
And I think there are four things that I want to suggest , and this four dots are unlike insurance systems and law systems .
These systems are just changing who 's going to benefit .
But they ca n't change the benefits of medicine .
One of them is not to treat the resources . You can get the resources .
We 're not talking about this . This is very depressed .
You can prevent it .
Obviously a lot of money should be invested in prevention .
But perhaps more interested , at least for me , more importantly , it 's more important to get diagnosed with disease , and they 're not just treating it .
For example , in diabetes .
In today , what can we do with diabetes ?
And we finally came up with this disease , but it 's just the role of the symptoms . In the next 10 , 20 , 30 years , we 're treating it .
It 's going to be a good motivator .
But it turns out that it 's going to lose the disease , diabetes will cause personalized diseases that can be obtained .
Why do n't we replace a little bit of an airplane in the early stages of diabetes , and maybe even before the radio waves ?
Maybe it 's a very expensive way to give a injection , but if it works , we really can really get a new way of solving problems .
And this video , I think , is good enough to understand what I mean .
This is a geomantic loop , and it 's on the limb .
If you can do that , why do n't we ?
And I 'm going to show you some more important characteristics about the body dynamics .
But what we 're talking about is that each one of the organ - based systems are able to do this kind of dynamic and their own organs .
And today , if we 're sick , we get the message that we can treat your symptoms , but you need to adapt to a new way of life .
And what I want to suggest is that tomorrow -- and we can discuss what the tomorrow 's tomorrow is , but in the future of aviation , we 're going to have to do it .
This is a prosthetic arm , actually , in the case of the soldiers , after the soldiers .
In Iraq , the soldiers in Iraq have lost their bodies .
Think about it , if they do n't need to go to face that , it 's a limit driver .
This is a very bold idea .
And I 'm going to show you a little bit about what we 're doing with this idea .
But again , it 's going to be used for every organ system .
How do we do this ?
The way we do this is the conversation of the body .
We need to talk about language in our body .
It turns out that when we used to be the natural capability of the stars .
A single - legged animal , if you lose a body for three months , he lost a boat , and he turned it out .
So , our DNA has this dynamic mechanism .
It 's natural behavior , but when our age grows .
And one of the kids was about six months before they lost their own vacuum cleaners , and they would be able to grow that Rover .
When they were five years old , they lost that ability .
So , if you want to talk about body dialogue , we have to talk about language .
Think about some of the technologies that are currently available .
And I 'm going to show you three technologies in which we can talk to the conversation with the body .
The first is cells therapy .
Clearly , in our natural wound , the cells were doing most of the broken jobs .
So , as long as you can find the appropriate cells , and then they put them into the body , they might start to fix their job .
Second , we can use materials .
Tell a talk yesterday from the importance of new materials .
If we could invented synthetic material , design materials , or from a new material from nature , maybe we can use these materials to repair the body .
Eventually , we might be able to use some very exquisite installations and give him a chance to maintain it .
And I 'm going to give you a example of how technology is coming from the material .
Neil University of Utah was about a great idea about 10 years ago .
And this idea is , pigs , if you 're able to get all the cells out of the cell , you can do this , and it might be all kinds of feelings that are all necessary and links to the body self - regulation .
He also asks a very important question .
And he asked a question , and if I could take this material , this is a natural material in the freezer , so often I 'd put it into the rest of the body , if we put that on the other area , whether I 'm going to build a new ear , or I try to grow a whole new set of reactions , but it 's still going on ?
And if the story was not convinced , I would n't talk about it .
So I 'm going to show you a picture .
It 's a compelling picture . But for those of you who are sensitive -- even though you want to do it in front of the friends , the light is very dark , and this is a good opportunity to look at your feet , you know , what 's going on in the cell phone .
And I 'm going to show you a little peek in diabetes .
Although -- ever seen this before .
This is the reality of diabetes .
And I think a lot of times , when we hear about diabetes , diabetes levels , we 're not going to be able to do it for the final treatment , which is the cure , if you ca n't let it interfere .
I 'm going to show you a picture now . It wo n't be a long time .
So this is an open - powered currency . This is a tragedy .
The only treatment is mindshare .
This is a senior lady , and she 's got the dawn of diabetes and then she decided to keep her body diversity .
So this woman tries to cure that a year after trying to figure out this new treatment to develop this new treatment .
This is what it looks like at 11 weeks .
And this material contains natural signals .
And this material led to its own self - organizing program , which is not going to happen before .
And I 'm going to show you a little bit about the horrible picture -- and I 'll tell you what to look at when you look at the screen .
This is a horse . It does n't have an oxymoron .
And if you 're happy , I 'm not going to show you this picture .
And the horse is just just one fanatic , and it 's because of the ring of a horse .
Just after a couple of weeks of treatment -- this is the gel that makes this material , and it 's going to be a lot of exchange of therapy -- the Mecho - Geckos from the corners of the Al Jazeera , the Colosseum .
And if you look at the vertical axis of this graph , it looks pretty good .
This is a dolphin that 's filled with its fins melted into it .
Now we have 40 million patients using this new material to heal their wound .
Can we grow a body ?
Narrator : The DARPA costs a million million dollars , and let him give him a project for eight studies to work on the problem .
I 'm going to show you a little more than a million dollars a second .
This is a 14-year - old old man who lost his <unk> .
Remember I told you that I was losing the lottery , and the adults were able to re - grow , but the adults were n't going to do it .
And it looks like it 's looking at this .
That 's what 's happening now .
This is now in the right place .
Now there are this materials that have been able to do this .
Is n't that possible ?
Can we synchronize , like , do n't use materials , but at the same time that the materials get out of this material and keep some of the cells , and then hold it into a body that can break the body to itself ?
And here you can see that a small heart muscle is a little bit of depression .
This is an observatory from a woman in Tokyo named Tokyo .
He could be able to store the gap between the operator .
And then it turns out it 's going to fill it up , and then he can get the tissue directly directly from the palm of the helicopter .
It 's really cool .
And what I 'm going to show you now is based on the dynamics of a cell cell .
I 'm going to show you a little peek from a patient stem cell .
Again , if you 're more sensitive to it , do n't look at it .
But this is not the case .
This is the same thing that 's been done with a heart venture , and the thing is that there 's a difference .
In the different part , in this case , there is a stem cell in the heart , and we 're going to see the patient stem cells at the beginning of surgery , when the amount of stem , the cells will be brought into the heart .
And I stand here because I 'm going to show you a little bit about this technology now .
Now stem cells are just turning into the patient 's heart .
And if you look carefully at this , it 's going to be deep at the time .
You 'll see stem cells out there .
We need all sorts of new technologies and installations that make cells go right to the right place .
Here 's a little bit of a data data here , just a little bit .
This is a random experiment .
Some of the pieces were only 20 , and now it 's about 100 .
And the simple thing is , if you get an Agile surgery , he 's a little bit mad .
If they have stem cells at the same time , the symptoms are going to be completely disappeared .
These are two years ago .
And the cool thing is , if you 're able to estimate early diseases , you can prevent diseases .
And this surgery has just seen a little bit of this , but with low - speed surgery , as long as you can get the body around the heart , then you put it into the cell .
Now cells are running .
I do n't have time to go to it , but it 's basically the way it works .
We can get the patient 's patient to get a little bit closer to the state , as long as the treatment is used .
And this is another example of the kind of culprits that do n't get into clinical trials , but I think very quickly I 'm going to get to clinical trials .
This is the University of Michigan University , and she 's working with many scientists around the world .
They took the fat of the surgical surgery when they took surgery in the United States , and we had a lot of high - speed surgery out there .
It 's actually a good stem source .
fat has broken a lot of stem cells .
So you can go to the clinic , and you 're going to get the Rover that you want to fill you on .
And then you get fat of it , and in this case , the stem cells are covered with neurons .
This is happening in the lab .
And I think in the future , we can see the patient 's stem cells , the amount of stem cell cells that are building their own fat or fat cell .
And I talked about the motivations of motivations , and I 'm going to cross the way that the treatment is treated .
I 'll end the last example .
It 's a terrible thing .
We have a long - term scientist in conjunction with Port au - Prince , but it 's very difficult to work with a young generation of young people coming back from Iraq .
A lot of them have been burned .
But if we know what 's going on , we understand what it is that we do n't know if it 's damaged .
And all of the ways that treatment is damaged -- basically the skin is driving .
We take it from a part of a piece , and we put it into a place where it 's damaged and then try to get them out .
In this case , we 've been designing a new kind of model that we have in the end of the human body -- the trials that are supposed to get into a clinical trial at the University of Michigan -- this is the dawn of <unk> University , which is designed by the Stanford School .
This creature is able to put it in the Houston store .
And the one that you see is inhibits cells .
Take a spray of cells into the wound .
And this is going to be the environment that goes around all over the world , and there are other kinds of materials , so we 'll get the seed seed to grow the grass , but instead of putting it from a place to the other place , rather than putting the manure out .
This is a dynamic cure .
Well , my 18 minutes later .
Let me end with some good news , and maybe there 's a little bit of bad news .
The good news is that it 's all happening .
It 's a great job .
Clearly , those images make you feel this .
It 's not the hard part because he needs a lot of different disciplines .
Almost every scientific area of science and clinical trials have been involved , and it 's all trying to get the rest of the body .
A lot of governments , many places , are aware of this new dynamic of treatments .
They might be the first one , and when they decide about 30 billion dollars , then they have two billion .
This is slowed down .
In the population of populations , Japanese is the world 's oldest country .
So they need to make this research success , or their healthcare systems .
So they did a lot of investment investing in the field .
The same thing the European Union did .
China , same thing .
In China , the center of the National Academy Research Center was just built .
The first group of research is about two million dollars a year .
In America we got a different approach , and we -- we were .
Ahhhh , if you can make Al Gore in the world 's president .
Our approach is different .
And this is basically what 's going on in the project , and it 's just to give a little bit of funding .
But it does n't have any money to invest in the resources and the conditions , and it 's good to get them to use them .
I 'm going to give you a hint of what I 'm talking about , which may be a little bit harder , and it 's a very provocative one in the audience .
And I came up with a gentleman in Harvard visiting a couple of other health Institute in a few months ago , and we tried to convince you that it was a little bit of a small thing , which he could get in the next few years to get us to do it next year , to ensure that we can overcome the footage of how we could undo the progress , let the patient benefit .
In the end of this Rover , the leader of the 14th Brigades is this : " Our Final footprint is too small , and you 're so big . "
And as a youngster , I would like to say that no one can change our ideal , but if we put it together , we could change his <unk> .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/steven_strogatz_on_sync.html
This is a play - shaped performance , a woman who played one of the jumps - of - a - half - year - old , one - three - female - crystallographer , and a group of other amazing roles and all sorts of wonderful roles . She shows her <unk> .
New York , culture , humanity , humor , performance , storytelling , theater
<unk>
Alan Jones : One of the top roles in the global village
I 'm going to tell you that when I invited the conference , I said it 's TED .
And the name of these Rovers is that it sounds like it 's too simple , and it does n't seem to be so simple that they can influence the world .
And what I would say is that I 'm going to make a difference to my participation .
So I thought that it would be very clear that the British accent might help .
But it 's not just me that I should go there , and I 'm going to talk to myself about how I talk about it , because , after all , what 's going on here is the playground today .
So I felt that I 'm supposed to show you the sound of my true voice .
And so many people in this room know what I mean , because I 'm from Queens , the New York Times .
But this theme is created .
I knew I did n't have any patents , and you just had to meet some of the invention of my life today .
And I think it 's really clear that I love to find another one or another .
We all have a unique progression of human body dynamics , and the dynamics of the history of history .
But what about other things ?
How do we try to try and reconstruct self and discovery ?
How do we define our identity and how we do it ?
For example , one person is going to be anywhere else , and what does it do ?
So at the end of this performance , I 'm going to show you the role of all the roles that I can use to discuss these problems .
And I brought them together today .
They were very excited .
And I 'm going to tell you every one of them ready for TED .
So you can think of it as a kind of a college student .
Okay .
Oh great .
Good night .
And so thank you very much today .
Thank you very much . My name is Margaret Frost .
Oh , I 've got a lot of money .
Hello .
Okay , I 'm here today because a young girl named Heidi Jones .
She was a great young guy , girl .
You know she said she was black , and she 's actually the Grand Canyon if you look at it .
No , no .
And she called me to the performance of her show , " A woman 's Guide to a woman . "
You know what it means , of course .
This is what we 're doing . It 's all about her .
But I do n't care .
I 'd like to tell you a lot of experts here , and I 'm really happy to be here .
It was great .
Now , it 's not just scientists who have scientists and all of their lives , there 's a lot of them .
So many of you are here .
And I 'd seen a couple Rovers , and I really love her .
She was able to take a yogurt in Google Maps .
That was great .
Other people are great people .
It 's very attention to what they 're excited about .
Oh , I 've seen this for a second time .
Oh , God forbid , I loved her , and she loved her .
She 's only half the street .
Do you know that ?
And yes , even though she was very gifted .
When I saw her , I felt great .
And she was cute .
So , I 'm going to start thinking about how lucky I am .
And here 's what I see .
It 's a world that we have to pay for so many great responsibilities .
You know , it 's just impossible to know when I 'm a kid .
And you 've been able to do all this very short time and development , and you 're all young .
Your parents are very proud of you .
And I also love diversity here .
I found that there 's a diversity of culture .
When you 're standing here , you see all sorts of people .
It 's like a silver ball .
It 's not a problem for the word " violation . "
And I actually wondered if I 'm not going to be able to do anything that I do n't know .
What does this mean ?
You know , I do n't really want to be exiled .
Okay , anyway , I just felt that you 're working with these young guys , and some of you are going to build a better future .
And I 'm really excited to you with me .
It was absolutely horrible to say that some of you were doing it .
Really true .
So , for example , the global problem that you 're talking about is global markets invading the world .
And of course we all know it all all .
I do n't know anything else to express the other way , so I 'm going to use my own way to do it , because they all know that they 're all government bank , and you know all the people who are government banks .
Whatever against him .
And what 's interesting about this is that I 'm very happy to see how you come out of the process , let 's get rid of these bad situations .
So I 'm going to salute you all of the people who beat you .
Thank you all .
It 's a TED audience .
It 's a bigger success .
Singer : You called your ass .
Hey .
Thank you .
And it was great to be here .
My name is Oprah , and I 'm just going to go to TED , which is really exciting to me .
I am an American .
In fact , I was able to say that I am growing in the financial government , or in Washington , D.C. Washington , D.C.
I do n't know any other person else , but I know Juan Grey came here yesterday .
And I think he 's a Mexican to say that even though I have enough enough . Sorry .
I just wanted to try and do it , because the opportunity was very simple to me .
And I 'm not used to talk about it .
Whenever I 'm talking to me , I 'm very fast .
Anybody listened to what I was talking about , and I got you to think about it .
Normally , I 'm going to cut myself down .
But more bad news is to tell me that we have only 18 minutes .
And I thought maybe I should be a little bit better .
I 'm going to try to do that , so I have to fill a breath .
All right , I want to say I really love TED .
And everything I like here is incredible .
I ca n't overcome this .
Seriously , people do n't believe that I 'm not believing in where I am .
I like TED .
And I know that it 's a great name for me , and I just wanted to say that this is a really cool one . It sounds very nice .
I loved .
In fact , I 'm very grateful to myself .
And I 'm in college now .
I 've been working with a group of friends and a few friends , and it 's a leader like you , as you do .
This organization is called the Personal Genome Organization , where we 're making what you 're creating , and that 's what we 've created .
And I know that this name is a little longer , but it 's not the case of destruction of the war , and the reason is that the students do n't have to get us to use it to do this , to get us on the pedal , and let 's use it to avoid the bed nets , right ?
So Al Gore , I mean , the U.S. 2 - American community for their parents and babies , and we 're trying to do a lot of the future of students in the workforce , but the students are a mom .
I was a mom , but I had to go to school .
You know , it 's important to see the example .
I know that our lives are very different .
And even in work , I just received a couple of dollars .
Now my work is so exciting to me , because I 'm an ad - funded leader , which is a leader of my new title .
But I think it 's not a company that we 've been able to do so , like we do this , so we can help the people who want to develop their ideas .
And if everyone has a way of doing this , the world is very different .
So I think all of us have this need , but I 'm particularly concerned about the people who are going to be the same one , and I mean , what is the most common thing about most of the religions ?
So we should have a chance to get the rest of the others .
So I 'm very happy that you 've done this kind of work and put it on the Internet .
This is great . I love it .
I love all of you , I loved TED .
And if you do n't mind , I 'm personally going to tell you a little bit about the TED Prize and the <unk> of technology .
Thank you .
Okay , so this is the kind of thing that aliens and everything are going to be like , you know , people today today who want to meet me today , all of these friends , who are my friends and their family .
I came from a community of culture .
In fact , the woman you just saw was a little bit like my mom 's family .
Trust me out .
But besides my family , my parents brought me into the U.N. school , and I had a lot of hype with Albert my French teacher .
She knew that when she was taught to be French .
Lady lady is very .
You know , she 's kind of like a French French .
She 's a very tricky , but she 's very crowded .
She talks about life in classrooms at the class .
We were 11 years old , not right ?
But ...
It 's about three years , and this experience is very special because I 'm the only black man at the class , even though I was in the United Nations .
But this was great .
My default teacher , Mr. Heifetz , has never had a scandal .
It never happened to be a witness to all of us , and it 's all about us .
Okay , so this is my teacher , and my friends and all the people in the world who have a lot of people who are very , very good at night today .
They had a lot of inspiration for me .
And a friend of mine .
I just wanted to say this night .
My name is Christopher Martin , and thank you very much .
TED Prize has spread global .
I came from India , I wanted to tell you that Nike told me that we could have a chance to get the opportunity to go to TED , and I was really happy to talk about it , because you know I am a human tool .
My job was usually to go to Washington .
And I had to go all over the conference , and I 'm going to have to talk to the politicians that they 're feeling comfortable to make me feel so comfortable to me and say , " How often do they eat ? "
So you can imagine .
But I 'm very happy to participate in your work .
I want to get more time for you , but it 's just right now . Okay ?
Unfortunately , it 's not that much time to let me tell all of my friends , but I have the first time in Hong Kong .
But I really want you to show you a couple of friends , you should recognize that if you saw the word " synecdochically " .
Thank you .
Good night .
My name is Christopher Cohen , and I want to tell you that I 'm in New York City .
But when Al Gore asked me to go to TED , first I said , " Well , I 'm not going to talk to you about a couple of years ago , and I would n't have a lot of people talking to people , because I do n't just talk about the people I 'd like to be talking about being a immigrant . "
But I 'm going to try to do it as well as the celebrities in the U.K.
My daughters made me tell me about a joke , and she told me a little bit about the conversation .
And I 'd like to talk about my background .
And my husband and I took us in the ' 80s and my daughters and daughters , and this is the freedom of freedom in China .
We 're trying to teach our kids to be proud of their heritage , but it 's very difficult .
You know , I 'm talking to the kids as an immigrant , and they say , " Well , they 're always in English . "
They like the rock culture , and the American culture .
But when they were growing up , we would like them to go back to the traditional culture of culture .
But it 's the problem .
My son said he did n't get married .
He had a girlfriend , but she was not the American guy .
I 'm not saying that this is bad , but I said to him , " What 's wrong with the girl ? "
And I thought he 'd change the idea .
And I decided to focus on my daughters .
The daughters were very special in her .
But she said she did n't have a interest .
She just wanted to talk to her .
When she went to college , she was basically home home .
She does n't want me to go to school .
And I guess what 's going on here ?
I blame the daughters with a secret person .
But she told me , Mama forbid , you do n't have to worry about the question of a boy because I do n't like them .
I mean , men are a problem , but all the women are supposed to be used .
She said , " No mother , I mean I do n't like a girl . "
I am an outsider .
I 've been taught my kids to respect American ideas , but I said to my daughters , " Well , it 's an exception , and she 's not anti - American .
But she said to me , " Name a American guy . "
She said she loved a Chinese girl .
And this is what I 'd like to hear about , but it should n't be my daughter .
At first , I did n't really know what to do .
But a few days ago , I realized that she was really a person .
And even though it 's hard to get it to me , what I 'm trying to share with you is to tell you that this society is more and more like this , because there 's a place like TED , which is like a kind of patronizing you .
And I think TED has a big impact on our lives , and we have a lot of influence .
So I 'm going to represent my daughter , thank you for sharing ideas .
Thank you .
night at night I 'm Robbie Barry .
I first want to thank Emeka Jones because I 'm the only one who brought me a lot of pressure and I am the last talk .
I came from intensive care .
I taught Emeka in the backyard School .
Not Harvard .
I feel not to worry about it .
But I was proud of my students .
And I saw that some people came to the conference .
I 'll give you a couple of bucks .
And even though I know what I look like , I 'm not going to tell you that the difference between the Earth is that we live in the village , and we 're not like our eyes , so it 's so big .
And if you want , I would like to share with you a poem that I 'm about 16 years old .
Let 's go back to the ' 80s .
This poem has to lead me to the hands of my hand .
I want to take your hand up .
I want to take your hand up .
And I was so happy that I 'm happy .
And my grief , I ca n't get rid of this emotional , and I ca n't get rid of that .
Okay , but notice .
Maybe it sounds like a little bit of an oxymoron , because I 'm listening to the song in my life .
Their girls were very popular in radio .
So what I 'd like to suggest is that I believe that even though there are some words that allow us to connect to each other , but we have the good news of the ear , and the ears are going to be able to get the flow of salt across the continent .
I envy that we 're going to do it through this way .
That 's how thank you very much .
Okay , good .
Thank you very much . That 's great .
Thank you so much .
Thank you .
You 've got to get me out .
And I 'd like to say thank you .
I 'd like to thank Chris and thank you for having me to get me here .
I spent a long time to go there , and I felt like I 'd got home .
I know some of the companies I 've ever seen before , or you 've seen my performance in other places , but today you have the best audience in the audience today .
And all of this is incredible , and you do n't get to rediscover self - discovery .
http://www.ted.com/talks/eric_dishman_take_health_care_off_the_mainframe.html
The founder of the doctor 's physician focusing on the health care industry , which is the low - tech marketing workers in Nigeria .
Africa , activism , design , health care care , invention , technology
<unk>
Kevin Sobule : The hospital in Nigeria
To understand what 's going on , and to talk about the context of the country , there are a lot of things that I 'm going to do with what I 've been doing and what you 're doing .
1975 in 1975 in Ohio .
And as my parents were growing up , then we went back to our own beds .
In 1967 , I had the medical dimension .
When I was doing this , I had to give up to my mother , and I 'd had a doctor who had 13 years to put it in the workforce .
And this explains why many of our professional doctors are now distributed in different places .
So , are we going to be able to change the fact that we are just trained to train , and we 're leaving it to go back ?
Maybe I do n't want to , of course , because that 's what I expected .
It 's a Africa map in Nigeria , and this is a map of Nigeria .
And there were people who were kidnapped and they were the source of oil , and sometimes I felt that there was a lot of that .
But " extreme poverty , this slide came out of a long time ago , and I 've introduced a discussion of why Africa and the rest of the world is in healthcare .
Very interesting .
Do you guess what a few people have ?
Believe it or not , in Nigeria .
Nigeria 's indigenous capital -- 17 , and that 's a two - year , a police station .
So tell me , do you think it 's a couple of cops ? Now ? Three .
Believe me , in Lagos , not just the police station , we all sit , and I 've been sitting , I 'm wearing a helmet .
And the photo makes me think of what 's going on , and if somebody 's lying on this car , the hospital 's hospital .
Whether you do n't believe it , some people do n't really believe .
Some people actually beat malaria , we won the threat of AIDS .
And I told my family , my wife reminded me , you know , every time you go to the country and you 're holding life risks .
She said , well , every time you go there , you realize that if you really need to get care of care or whether it 's any of any type of type -- if the players are , there 's a lot of accidents , where they 're all documented ?
And when they need to help , what does it require ?
It 's not just the unexpected truth , and HIV , Australia , malaria -- and so many .
And I would like to say that when they were in my position , they would get to me ?
When I go home -- I 'm going to do all kinds of things . I want to teach , I 'll train , but if I had to train one of the drugs , or the one , what would they be ?
What do they do when they die or disability ?
I think it 's very significant . That 's where they go .
These are n't the old images , and these people are not the people who have a big hospital . In fact , it 's a major training hospital .
This is not a hospital in a room .
This is an aerial device of Nigeria .
Do you remember what I said about oil ?
I 'm sorry if it 's uncomfortable , but I think you have to look at this , this is the ground .
You can say it 's a matter of education .
It 's a problem of health , and I 'm not in poverty .
And I 'd like to say that we need not just vaccines , malaria , AIDS , because I wish I could get treated in a physical hospital , if I had to do it with a mental hospital .
In fact , when I started traveling around the lobby , " Hey young people , you 're in the U.S. ♫ ♫ Can I go home with me ? "
I want them to think , " There 's hope . "
So , look at this , this is a sneak preview .
This is my job , right ?
anesthesia and care -- look at that pen .
It 's used in the middle of the Guardian , and it 's used in England .
Believe me , this is actually the picture .
And if there 's something that happens in Britain , it 's where they go . That 's what I work with .
This is a slide that I 'm talking about in Nigeria about Nigeria , and we call it a joke called " The Eagle Nebula . "
It 's a very scary ratio , and it 's very expensive , but we need it .
So , these are the questions .
Tell us what the problem is , right ?
And I think we all know , but some of the speakers in this room are still telling us more questions .
These are some of them . What did I do ?
Here we 're doing it here .
We 're ready for the chest surgery , and I 'm the only one in the U.K. U.K. , other nine people , including the doctors , the nurse , a nurse .
We all went out and we 've been doing this for three times .
I want you to know , I 'm sure I believe that the choice is to help me and believe it , and they 've got a role , but what if they 're talking about what we talk about or pests or disease ?
Because it 's not all that everyone can enjoy .
health is wealth , using Hans Rosling .
And the first thing is that health care is fast .
So , we 're doing a big job , but there 's a lot of difficulty .
Nigeria surgery in Nigeria -- difficult .
That 's Michael , Michael 's at the bottom of the street .
Did he look happy ?
It 's a place where it takes us two days , but , you know , what 's going on here ?
Yes , the council of the Pope introduced , " Yeah , I 've told you , you do n't have to do it ; you 're not . I 'm sure . "
See , that 's our technician . So , what do you do ? How ?
I persuaded him to tell me that Tolstoy , boom , and I went from Britain to England .
Let 's solve the problem .
See , normally we 're in Nigeria and in Africa .
We 've got a lot of power .
It 's not a good device , and it does n't work too well , or they ca n't fix it , but it wo n't be right , as long as we can .
But we have a really bad problem .
He had to go to the phone , and he was always talking about phone phone .
So what do we do now ?
It looks all the American people who are right , and there 's a British guy who 's not going to do anything , he thinks he 's the U.K. , I 'm so thinking .
We finally got this machine to work , and it would be , but it 's just one of the older ones , even though you see it .
And the reason to give this picture , the X blows , is to tell you where we are , and how to see the x - Geckos .
Do you see where ? It 's on the window .
Do n't they have the x - Geckos ?
It 's going to be all the way that everything works .
You 'll see the x - Geckos on the screen , and then you put it in a email and send it to email , but we do n't even have the X pole .
We 're making the chest surgery .
I know that it 's not a AIDS , not malaria , but we still need this to make a baby , and the big people are prepared .
There are people who believe that it 's all teaching -- heart disease , the outer corner of the heart , the heart -- the blue line .
Somebody believes science , they go check .
The oxygen Genome Atlas is the normal one .
She 's what she wanted to do , and she asked her , when she was a kid .
We also have to do it for adults . We really did it , so we did .
We 've been doing this three times , and we 're going to do this in the northern corners of the country , so we certainly do n't have a list of surgical surgery , but you can see the <unk> and all the rest of it , which is the same thing that we all need to transport , because it 's not the people who make it .
This is not a good job .
But we did a couple of surgeries to do ? 12 .
We successfully did 12 procedures .
This is our first patient , just from the Houston camp , and look at this chair , OK .
That 's what I 'm talking about .
And that 's what he 's doing . It 's going to do it because it does n't work .
Have you seen this scene before ?
No ? Anybody ? Well , it works .
I 'm sure you 've seen or heard or hear , and we 're ready to do this with this kind of mess that 's done so much that we do n't do anything we can do .
Thank you . This is my company 's company .
The only purpose of it is to give me anything you need .
So we put it into your pocket , and we say , " You know , we 're buying stuff . "
We build a company to teach knowledge , educate people to move their tools .
That 's a perfect example .
Normally , as you buy on the hospital , you 'll buy a different , buy one , bought a bus . This can do anything , it does n't need to be much more .
If you 're in America , you do n't know , we know because it 's our duty to find what we 're looking for , what is right to Africans -- is to work on the right energy , and that 's what 's going on , so we can study .
Which small part of this is a little bit like what you 're doing for 12 pounds of cars like intramural cell phones ?
And that 's what you 're doing .
Yes , it took solar panels , which is the solar system .
But if you have electricity , you give the batteries .
What 's going on there ? We 've designed the rudder pedals to do it , right ?
And if they ca n't use it , if you can find a car , batteries and electricity put it on , or you can get it out .
Do you want rabbits , or the normal surgery ?
And it 's clear that the device is connected .
Now we 're looking at oxygen . It 's a lot of water .
It 's not new technology technology .
It 's a very old technology , and it 's new and I hope that a couple of months can be used for renewable energy systems to make oxygen to create oxygen .
Put it down , and what 's going on ? oxygen , lots of oxygen .
So this is not new , and what we need to do is take this technology to one .
These are the basic qualities of my devices .
That 's the particular place .
In addition to this winning prize , it does n't have a lot of time , and it 's been registered by the mosquito , which has been stolen and <unk> , maybe some of you do n't know , that 's in Europe .
If the market is more cheap , the price is cheaper , and the size is much more , more maneuverable .
This is the picture last year .
These are my cousins in Hong Kong .
This is a gentleman in Mark Mark , who 's the guy who knows the people who know it might know .
We all have a lot of fuss about , and Hans Rosling , Hans Dolby , who is the guy I hated -- and if he represents something that has the most important attention , it 's the question , but the problem is that there 's a solution to what they 're looking at .
African people , because they took their passion .
And there are many of them .
You have to do that . Africans must do it . Other people are going to join together .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/burt_rutan_sees_the_future_of_space.html
Filmmaker Francis Turner shows his movie company -- the participants created company , and the people who attract him .
business , entertainment , film , global issues , philanthropy , social change
170
Jeff Bezos on the world 's world
And I 'd like to leave you with the TED phone , and I 'll call it a couple years .
In 2000 , I 'm ready to talk about eBay . But it does n't have a phone phone .
In 2003 , I got a talk about " The Graduate Foundation and " Social entrepreneurship . "
In 2004 , I founded a company called " The II , " and we had no phone .
By the end of this year , I finally got a phone phone , and I ended up on Switzerland .
TED is a cruel story .
And I first started with Hollywood to Hollywood , but I found a lot of good in Hollywood .
There 's a lot of good news about it .
I also found Hollywood and Silicon Valley better than I anticipated .
Hollywood has its stereotyped logo , and Silicon Valley have its frilly symbols .
Hollywood has its own parents , Silicon Valley , and they have their own <unk> .
Hollywood has the " power of Desire , " and " Deskbar there " .
So this is all a lot of common denominator than I think .
But I 'm here today to talk about a story .
And part of me is about my personal story , and when Chris asked me , he said , " Name a bit of a letdown . "
My real power is -- a vision about future thinking about all of us .
A peace and sustainable world .
We 've heard a lot of the time in the past few days , and James Fowler , who shows you , " Move the next distance of human beings , I call it a " human race . "
And this is the desire in all of us that we have in the world of two great mistakes in the world .
One is the opportunity of opportunity , and that 's what the president of September Obama said , " No , no , neither of justice and not sustainable . "
And the bigger one is probably our " hope of hope . "
They do n't know where the bad ideas are , and the man does n't have any effect on the world .
And the idea was horrible .
So <unk> came from today , from us , because every one of us was capable of making " opportunity " and hope of hope .
If you can not change the world , you ca n't change this world .
For me , this is all beginning to take care of my family family , and the dawn of the Himalayas .
It 's really a summer street , but it 's not even my brothers .
I read writers in James Buffett , James Frost Kitts .
In their stories , the world is a highly active place .
And I thought if I could write a little bit of something that describes the world 's height and connect to each other , maybe they might inspire the things that we have .
And I know that it 's not a big deal , so I decided that I 'm going to take a look at the tooling , and I 'm able to write that story .
When I was 14 years old , she had a huge impact on me .
One day , my father came home to me and said , " Well , he had cancer , and he was very bad .
He said he was afraid not to death , but he did n't do anything he wanted to do .
God bless , and a few years later , he 's still alive .
But for a young man , it 's a very small experience , a man who never knew how many time you have .
And so I had a strong sense of urgency , and I got hooked .
I founded a tractor company , and I wanted to offer my freedom of freedom .
And one of the companies that is doing is the computer business business is called the motion of a movable band , and it 's a wonderful name because people do n't have computers .
I 'd like to think about how far I 'm going to get to my Stanford business business .
And I came up with a friend called Carrie McCarthy , and he was abandoned today . It was a very long picture .
And when I was just college , they came to me , and he had a idea to help people selling things online .
♫ Sobule : With my Stanford students , I said , " Well , how stupid is a stupid idea ! "
I said yes .
But then after 1996 , 1996 and I quit our full - time job to build eBay , and the rest of the story , you know .
Two years later , it was one of the most famous businesses in the world today .
And hundreds of countries are using it .
But for me , it 's a real change .
I 've taken a house from the Houston camp and the five men , and it 's filled with their shoulder - up strike and then , suddenly , all the resources I have .
So what I want to do is try to share the amount of money in the world to share this .
And I learned John Carson , who was a great man .
He was the architect of " Social Thought " for the president of the 1960s ' president .
And I asked him , what the best thing I could do is to do what you can do or to change the world in a long way to change the problem of human life .
John said , " Help good work .
Help good for good . "
And he made me highly powerful .
And I came up with a Foundation to help the good people .
These are innovative and creative leaders using their business and powerful ways to solve social problems .
We 're called " social entrepreneur . "
For a few examples , for example , like the <unk> Bank , the World Trade Center has taken the world out of poverty .
There are a lot of people who do n't look at it .
So Nike has developed women in Africa , because she felt that African women were very peaceful .
She came up with this organization about 10 years ago , and today , she had been given education for more than 25 million African women .
And also , like Jack Willis , who founded the world 's first democratically pharmaceutical company , he built the first <unk> to heal the nature of nature , which is called " Rain . "
She wanted to be completely extinct in 2010 , in the developing world .
And these are all good examples .
These things make a lot of difference .
This is " support , " plus , celebrate " . "
You know , it means that when you find other people who are doing things , they help them to help their organization or to grow their organizations , or in business .
By meetings and they met the connection , like TED , or " Social entrepreneurship , " and it 's one of the classes I 'm at Stanford University , which is part of my Foundation Foundation .
They celebrate their success , to tell their stories about their story , not just to celebrate what they do , but their work can help the progress of hope .
And the last part of this task is Anna Dylan , which allows me to look at what I 'm thinking about , and I want to give you a little bit of that , let 's talk to you about what we 're doing .
And I think the original box is actually writing , and I do n't need to have a lot of time , I 'm just going to look one .
The light bulb is better than writing , like , for example , the movie and the TV can be more influence .
I could think of the movie of my forces , like " Gandhi , " and " The Guide list . "
I started thinking about who 's doing this .
In fact , it 's not a company that 's focused on the workforce .
So in 2003 , I started building a public social company and get a lot of money , and there were lots of " encourage . "
One of the one of them is to encourage incentives , and I said , " In the streets of Hollywood , there are all these things you can think of as a teenager . "
Of course , there 's another one .
" To be the most insurance means to be an authority to make a steel industry . "
And even in 2004 , in January , I founded a company in which he wanted to be a global media company and focus on it .
Our task is by shooting at films , to inspire and compliance .
We do n't want to get people to see our film .
We 're trying to engage in these social problems .
In 2005 , we launched the first record , " The Battle of Nations " " the Great Album " and " Autumn of The Year . "
And the surprise of my surprise was to notice the public .
We eventually ended up because these are the ones who get 11 .
And that was really a big deal for us .
But more importantly , people who have been involved in our lab and the positive motions of our Foundation , and that activity is all around us .
And then we came up with the website , and our network community is called paraplegic .
Our societies in our society , like snoring , for example , <unk> , Steve Bush , and the plumbers , when people look at the movie , you know , they can do something .
And this is a movie called " The Inconvenient Grab . "
But this is 1879 from Charlie Sandberg , including the power of women 's power , power and power .
In the same time , we launched this movie , and Congress is talking about the recovery of the ground to prevent the law .
And as the movie came out of the film , it was the audience to talk about , and through our social sphere , " The world of World of Warcraft " -- there was a variety of influence .
This is a great thing to do for me , because it 's a film that tells a story about the real life of a woman who 's been called the Personal Genome Agency , and she 's becoming a typical case , which is called " The Battle of Eating " and " hometown " to the law .
And the story of this movie is to tell these great laws .
So again , let 's go back to the very themes of good themes .
I said TED , I 'd like to talk about Al Gore , and I 'm going to show you the first time I 've seen a speech in 2005 , the theme of global warming .
Meanwhile , I wanted to understand some of the global warming .
It 's just 30 -- 50 years and so forth .
But when he looked at his speech , I knew it was pretty good .
And I was going to go and find Al Gore , who was the winner of Mr. Heifetz , and Rick Kelly , the Jill Sobule and Greg Wright , had a documentary documentary .
In Al Gore 's position , we decided to put his speech , and we thought that it could be a lot of information for the rest of the world to talk about 100 or 200 audience , or two to 200 .
You know , in Hollywood , a quote , " How many of you know something about it . "
I think it 's really the best campaign for charity .
It also makes us very excited when the movie really hits the public , and it 's in the U.K. , the students in San Francisco , which is widely populated to the Rift Valley .
We have 50,000 high school students in America .
It changed the discussion of the global warming .
This year is very profound for Al Gore .
Al Gore 's now named George Smoot now .
But for the sake of the Mommy , it 's just the beginning .
We focused on the world 's big problem .
Now there are a hundred movies that are taken out of the process .
I want to quickly introduce a couple of times a lot about this movie .
One is the War of Dr. Oscar Williams , and named Heidi , the International Buy , Christopher Johnson .
What 's about to talk about how Sunitha Fowler was funded to protect the true story of the Millennium Office .
The other movie is called " Tall Horse " -- it 's based on a novel , " and the other one is the story of Afghanistan .
And what we think is that when people look at these movies , they 're more important to the world .
" Ten " was first in Chicago last year .
It tells me that in 1968 , the World War Peace Festival is a little bit more powerful than this , and the story of this story is that this individual has a huge impact on the world .
Another book about Jimmy Carter talks about his efforts for peace in the Middle East .
In particular , we 've been following him recently , and all of you know that this book is n't a controversial statement , which is not a good misunderstanding .
And finally , I 'd like to say that everyone has a chance to make a difference .
Every single one of the people in the workforce can be trained by philanthropy , or whatever 's interesting to it .
One of my experiences is through a lot of ways .
Whether you 're a technician or a non - profit , or if you do a lot of money , you can be able to do something that we can do with something else .
I believe that if we take effort , we can keep the opportunity and hope .
I could imagine , if we did this with 10 years , it would be this : " Africa 's new HIV billion " -- " Oprah " and " Israel , " " Silicon Year "
And my favorite of my favorites is flashing .
Finally , one of the slides taken on eBay is now obsolete , and now it 's going to be able to put a museum in the museum , put it in the museum .
I believe all the effort continues , and I can make it happen .
Thank you for listening to me .
I felt very privileged . Thank you .
Oh , thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/roz_savage_why_i_m_rowing_across_the_pacific.html
In the early age of eight years , Alan Sweeney : And what she did was she had a lot of movement to fly , and she wanted to raise a promotion , she was going to improve the story of HIV and struggle for AIDS and to preserve the stories of the HIV Club , the one that was working with Nelson Mandela .
AIDS , Africa , activism , health , personal growth
<unk>
Annie Sobule : How I 'm a Muslim vegetarian
And I 'd like to share with you a story about how I am a HIV - positive .
So this is what I 've been working on , and the movement movement .
In 2003 , I went to the University of Albert Nelson Mandela , which was a HIV fund .
It was the dawn of Mandela who was married to the prison camp .
And in the stage , with me , I 'm standing together with the best moments of life on our lives .
And the next day , all of a sudden came to the artists ' TV conference , and the news came out of Nelson Mandela and he was standing in his first wireless cell .
You can also see the fences at the peak .
That would be a big deal for us .
At the time Nelson Mandela gave the country to the National School of World War II , where the South African South South Africa is the equivalent of death , and it 's the most important to death every day .
And this is a lot of influence , because I 'm also a mom , and I still have no idea that the AIDS virus has gone into this HIV spill to make a difference to women .
When I left the door , I get out of South Africa , and I said , " I 'm going to walk on the door .
Spend services . "
And then I went to San Francisco , and I had to go to the racetrack and interview and interviews , to play a brand with a singer , which I led to Nelson Mandela , because I respect him .
It 's not solvable Mandela . Everybody 's worried about Nyota .
But they know about Einstein 's dilemma South South Africa ? South African infections are the largest causes of malaria .
If I get out of this column , the headrest would tell a path to South America , and he was horrified .
A few years later , I was very fortunate to meet Josh Prince cables , who was a great <unk> and human tool .
I met him with a party party .
And he was a little bit like a lot as well as I was wearing .
It 's a tool for you to tell you I am with HIV .
Due to AIDS , we can use it to say , " We certainly can talk about this subject .
It 's not a matter of opinion . "
And I was a member of a colleague from a company called Rubbertown , and I 'm really proud of this .
This is an aerial fashion , and it 's a lot of women who are HIV - positive .
But they 're still not a slave .
They have a lot of contact with those neighborhoods .
They also have education programs .
They believe that AIDS should not be a social label .
They were really brilliant .
At the same time , I also support the movement of the <unk> movement , and we 're using AIDS to help them save them .
And what we 've been trained to raise most of us is to give up to the <unk> movement , to support their striking achievement , and they 're also prepared to get this campaign in South Africa .
So this is my approach - up movement .
It 's only about four to four people , and they 're all going to help me .
And two years ago , I went across the world , and I went to 12 countries .
And this is in Norway , where I had to give up a generous producer , and this was a tunnel on the tunnel .
And this is , in the lexicon , I 've got a chance for the musicians in South Africa , and they all end up with a couple of days , because there 's a short video that I put on a video video , which is a very short movie , but it 's the short opening of the movie to see what 's going on in southern South America , so they do n't really know what to do because they 're not .
He also came up with this kangaroo , and he was the South African minister of South Africa , so I 'd like to give him a choice of choice , which is what we need to do .
This is in Hong Ngu .
In this meeting , I became a member of the celebrities and HIV - positive .
I 've joined my experience in progress with their own consciousness .
This is the Africa of Africa , the African choir where I loved .
And the members of this group , the nursing parents , were infected by HIV infections .
This is in New York City , and I 'm sitting with Sunitha , who is the U.N. Family .
And I was greeted for a couple of months ago , and I became an expert in the U.N.
In this way , I made my influence , and I added people to influence people .
The United Nations is the news of HIV / AIDS , which is that they want to take the rest of the world to get the dawn of the women and they 're completely overwhelmed by a completely complete decline in the way that we see the mother 's mother .
It 's an unexpected goal , but we believe by using government , we can do it .
This can happen .
This is a picture of my father and a HIV - AIDS picture , and she 's pregnant , but we do n't know , because we 're sure that she can get care of her life and , in her baby .
And her kids get HIV - AIDS , and it means that the child is going to get a child 's disease .
And it takes all of the lives of life to protect all over the life .
This is a approach to government intervention .
I 'm going to end up with another story , and the story is called " Frost . "
This is Dr. Frost . She 's in the same way .
And I 'm going to tell her a story because she 's HIV - positive as a child .
The mother 's mother was a HIV - positive , and she died HIV / AIDS .
He had HIV . She had a whole lifetime .
This is her seven - year - old , and she did n't have a big baby .
And this is the point of her life , she 's tortured to HIV , and also a pneumonia .
We were in a hospital in Eastern Oregon , and we spent a afternoon of afternoon and she was a cute girl .
The nurses and the doctors were great .
They created a special nutritional diet for a while , and it 's also paying care for her .
And when we leave this hospital , we ca n't predict how the future is , even if we took a movie to her .
Clearly , this is an impact that we 've been profoundly influenced by this sort of direct position , which is this direct position .
After five months later , we went back to South Africa to see the Rover .
And the hair on my arm , I do n't know if you 're looking at it .
But the blood vessels were going down , because they knew I had to get you .
And that 's what she 's doing .
Is n't it amazing ?
These are all necessary for those nurses and the doctors .
And I think you all fit it into this .
So I 'd like to say that every audience here , if you want every woman in the world , every child is able to get a good nutrients , and you can take care of it and pay care for the United States , but you 're sure , you know , the U.S. Millennium Millennium Academy , which is very , very regular , would you just stand up with it .
Well , I think everyone in this room support this .
Thank you very much .
271
It 's a very powerful talk to talk about a virtual world of the virtual World Wide Web , and the struggle in the world , who asks , is , " How are we going to be responsible for the Internet as the core design of freedom and freedom , but it 's not to control the central power of their citizens to get their government to protect the freedom of self - help choice and their power ? "
culture , politics , social media
<unk>
Christopher Dick : Let 's take the Internet !
I came up with a ads as well as the Richard Branson . Apple 's apple in 1984 .
Narrator : We are one of the people who have the same kind of consciousness , that same one .
Our enemy will be eliminated , and we put them in their chaos .
We do it .
Narrator : In January 1976 , Macintosh will come up with a computer computer .
You 'll see why it 's not like George of George 's described .
Clay Shirky : The potential message in this video is still powerful today .
Narrator : The technology of innovation creates us all .
Fast forward to 20 years later , and now , News are located in the city of China in China , where the Chinese approach to China is the application of London and some other politics .
Science - American delivers a cartoon of the U.S.
He used his use until he got a terrorist award .
And Germany , a news magazine , was used because apple sauce thought that it was a little bit too little about user - making , although actually , in fact , this magazine could be marketed in a very complete way .
What 's recently more controversial , the apple makers of the Apple Corporation of Pakistan , because the reason is that it might be used to make this possible violence .
And it works like this .
The situation is that private companies are used to the standard standard of programming standards , which is very arbitrary than the power of democracy .
Or they had the deregulation of the authority station , and they asked them not to think about it .
Or they have a lot of dignity from the government of no cure and reality , or most of the people who are talking about the content and the things that we talk about .
That 's the case .
In the World Wide Web , the Internet is more free than ours , or lack of material freedom , almost entirely in countries .
But now in the world of virtual networks , we have a private stock system .
They were able to figure out how to code and engineering , design , services , to be a kind of legal control of what we can do .
They were able to cross the globalization of globalization , and it was a very exciting way to do it , but sometimes , at times , they were doing this with a lot of time , as a matter of controlling what they could do when we control them .
After all , even freely is the leader of the world , if you want to be in the next year , you need to get to Facebook from Facebook .
And these platforms are very helpful at the end of the year and the Egyptian and Egypt , of course .
Singer - songwriter , day day , is Google Google , and the end of the night is the secret to Facebook , he said , " What 's wrong with CNN ? "
But it turns out that a government is a stable democracy , and it has to be more complex .
And the picture on the left is a Egypt shot , and he 's involved with the U.S. National Intelligence Corporation .
A lot of them are going to be so many times as much as they 're in San Francisco and then put them into it .
But some documents came out of the swarm , and some of them found their email to their teammates , they were able to get their content , even Skype .
A <unk> was found from the Western company , and he was selling the contract to replace the contract for Egypt .
And the Egyptians thought that these were used to monitor the technology , but in the network , using the network .
In Sussex , the last year was begun to beat -- unlike the breakup of Ben Sobule .
But when you 're trying to go to a Facebook page and some other treatment , they 're all going to be the DARPA site .
In order to say that the blog writer , author writers , who had been raped by the World War II , and subsequently became a revolution after the Revolution of the revolution .
But there 's a lot of controversy about how controversial this problem is .
In fact , in Twitter , there are a lot of support people who say , " Well , we really hope that democracy and freedom , but some of it 's going to limit us , because it 's very violent and maybe a lot of violence . "
But the question is , how do you decide how to make that decision - making ?
Dusty diagrams are a digital singularity , and it says , " It 's very simple to say that it 's easy to do this : ♫ ♫ Sweeney : In other words .
Today , it 's tricky . "
Welcome to democracy , and Teller and Egypt .
And the truth is , even in the democracy of democracy , for the sake of how to balance the security of the digital network and the legislation , the other one to protect the power and the other , and we still do n't have good alternatives .
In fact , in the U.S. , regardless of how you 're looking at Rachel Carson , even though it 's not , he 's very focused on the World Bank and some companies .
By raking it from the U.S. Air Force , the L.A. Corporation of San Francisco stopped to the resin , even though the veterinarian had n't been diluted , or even worse .
So we think the Internet is trying to break the technology .
This is a map of social social networks , and of course Facebook has taken the world in most -- and this is good , but it 's good for you to think about Facebook .
But there are still some places in the virtual network .
In Brazil and Japan , it 's because of unique culture and language .
But if you look at China , and Vietnam and other countries , what 's going on there is what 's happening .
There 's this relationship between government and social network companies , and this is a kind of relationship , because the business of the company and the government , the dynamics of these platforms .
Now in China , it 's known as " great parking , " for Facebook and now , and there are a lot of other Columbia sites .
Some of them are helping the Western technologies .
But it 's just part of the story .
And the other side of the story is the company that uses China , it 's a system called " The Final Dink System , " as a system called " self - review . "
Now , this is what it means to be producers and watches .
This is a playground I 've taken in 2009 , and the Chinese Internet of China , the great feedback of the self - author , for the last 20 years -- for example , to the user - PC content .
In contrast , the CEO CEO of China -- China is one of the classic motor searches .
In Russia , none of the Internet is just the direct website .
This is a website called a petition site .
In this year it was a little bit of a railway station that was used by one of the millions of people called the Personal Genome Fund , and suddenly the people who had a threat to people named Christopher Intelligence , who took a lot of money to get the security care net in a certain way .
This is the effect of the Bonobo , and it 's affected by the capacity for the Internet .
So today , there 's a situation in the world , more and more of the citizen 's relationship between citizens and government , and it 's mainly funded by private and mobility .
So I think the important problem is not to argue whether the Internet is supposed to help good for good people .
And of course , this is going to make the most important people and understand the best people in the Internet .
The most important problem we need to ask today is how we make the Internet progress .
Because I 'd like you to agree with governments the only purpose of the government , and I say , " The only responsibility for technology is to improve our lives , not to control or treat us .
So the problem is , we know how to protect government .
We do n't have to do good things , but we have a sense of what it feels like , what politics and institutions do .
How do we prevent the stereotypes of a binary liberal , which is that most of the CEOs think their primary goals are earning profit ?
Normally governments do n't help it too much .
There is a situation where , for example , in France , the president of the Internet says , " We 're only the only one to call it . "
But then he goes back to the original Greek dilemmas , and it 's going to break the file to help file the citizen 's protection , which is that the law has been hijacked by freedom to overcome the power of the United Nations , but it does n't have to liquidate the citizens and the civil society , whether the political community is interested in protecting the rights of civic power , if some politics is about to protect the public business .
In England , in the U.K. , there was a legal law that gave private private property to the private community to monitor the citizens .
So what we need to recognize is that if we want to have a network in the future , we have to be a more broader , more sustainable network .
After all , companies do n't stop having to stop pollution , or hire 10 years , just because they 're going to take a decision to decide that it 's supposed to make a decision .
This is the consequence of the decade of a decade , wealth funding and consumer costs .
In the same way , government does n't just wake up in the context of the politicians to manufacture the intelligence of a police intelligence and the advertisers .
It 's a consequence of a long - term decade , and the political movement of the political actions and the right businesses .
We need the same approach to the Internet .
We need political innovation .
About 800 years ago , the British government decided to decide that they would not be prepared for their John King , who complained that even though they were characterized by a funeral , and they had to follow some basic rule .
And this took a sense of what we call political innovation , which resulted in the notion of human choice -- and that 's a radical revolution in this country .
So what we need to tackle is how we build the network of innovation together .
What should it be ?
Now we do n't know .
But it 's going to require innovation that does n't need to focus on politics , but the political sector needs to deal with business management , commitment behavior , consumer choice , and even design .
Every single one of us is very important to the world of government and technology is not the opposite of the human population .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/robert_full_on_engineering_and_evolution.html
Interviewer Huang took a few years with a group of years , for the global criminals of the world , doing a bold survey , which is , of course , the crime network has been opening up to 15 percent , and from Russia , his message is not just the pathway and the debit Corporation .
adventure , crime , economics , global issues , writing
<unk>
Yves Carson 's investigation of crime networks
Now , this is a very bad economy , and the TED friend of TED , really , really bad economic growth .
So , I want you to appreciate the exciting stories that most of you in the last 20 years do n't know .
They were using their own way they had a particular way of doing their own way .
Now , it 's anti - Fi .
I mean organizing crime .
And as you know , from a long time , there 's a lot of marketing there , and it 's actually the case of the truth .
But in the last 20 years , it reached a very low speed , and it has reached 15 percent of the world .
I 'd like to call it the Global invisibility , or the dictionary .
Now , what causes the abnormal causes of crime ?
Of course , the globalization of globalization , <unk> , communication , and so forth , are we invited to talk about .
But first of all , I wanted to take you back to the beginning of the East Coast community .
Narrator : The most important chapter on the South World War was the most important chapter in the U.S.
Now it 's a time of time .
It 's very important to me .
And I used to go to the senior books of the Great books , and I traveled to governments and Joseph reformers in East Asia , such as I was a teenager .
And then I started writing a little bit about Eastern Europe and finally became the BBC in the United States , and this is what I did in 82 .
When the aggregate billion people ended up getting the choice of choice , I 'm not going to worry about some of the latent chaos of my government .
For example , a few days ago , it did n't have a long time .
In the midst of chaos and excitement , I spent a long time to understand the people who were working in North Europe , and then after the revolution was going to control their rights .
Clearly , some of them are like ...
But there are some of the characters that we do n't have to do with the change in Eastern Europe .
Like this one . Remember the people ?
They 're often in four years , and they win the gap between four and a half years ago , where they 're starving in the communist countries .
In downtown , in the jungle , there was a silver lining , and they were able to take free to the Western countries to travel the West to New York .
This may surprise astonishing , but they played a very important role in the East government .
Or I would like to say that they were more than the birthplace of capitalism .
This is the dawn of a sudden in southern Carolina .
These pictures were taken at the polling stations , and when the European Union attacked the National Assembly , he was not just keyed to the government mechanism , and it was a prestige mechanism .
It means that the police and the advertisers are not .
The legal system ca n't work .
In this case , how would a business station should be in the midst of chaos and local governments ?
In fact , he might go to the third of those researchers called " private property . "
We normally call them bastards .
In the Houston camp , it was a long time to get one million people who were connected to the people , and they won the job of their job in the countryside .
Now , when your government decides a little bit about it , it would never be a place where you would n't want to go to the place of 10,000 , and they 're very good at the bottom of the list , building the storm and the net .
But the whole thing happened across America .
In the 1990s , most of the time I spent a lot of time spent on the table was very serious .
And so I turned out to find the people who have these toes of elders and these neighborhoods , and they actually have a group of control of the tissue .
So I started thinking about the danger of the violence behind this violence .
And I had to do the whole world around the world , across the entire world of crime , to talk to the deregulation of the police community and the service community to talk about the legal community and service .
In addition to the Pope , they 're talking to them .
It 's a place where it starts to start thinking .
Why ? Because obviously the law and armrests has been broken , like the other , the key thing is that the point is the position , and the location , in space .
And the first thing that I found out was that there was a big cross - blowing colony from the world , Oregon .
In contrast , the woman 's women were surrounded by prostitution and rare minerals .
What 's the end of this stuff ?
The ground is the European Union , and the last time the globalization of globalization has been brought down to the most devastating stock market in the history of this history , which resulted with five billion people .
And in this five billion people , it 's a very small group of people who are willing to get back to the time , and they 're going to take their time and spend 50 yards on the lottery , to feed the destruction of the guns .
In the world of globalization , there 's a similar model of crime and other industries .
It has a lot of manufacturing , like Afghanistan and Colombia .
It has its own area area , like Mexico and the Tibetan Plateau .
And then , of course , its consumption of consumption is like the European Union , and the Japanese , of course , is America .
The main area of manufacturing and areas tend to be in the developing world , and they 're all being threatened by severe violence and prestige .
Take Mexico .
In the last 18 months , there were 6,000 people who were killed by the trade of all the time .
So what about the Congo River ?
By 1998 , five million people die .
This is not a conflict you can read in the newspapers , but it 's the most conflicts that we 've ever been on the planet .
Why ? Because from the rest of the world , the military government has drunk to control the power of control in the area of control .
In 2000 , the world 's 80 percent of roads are located across the North Pacific Gyre .
You can see that it 's all in every column , and there 's a laptop and the laptop .
The war in the Congo War was selling these things to exchange the weapons , and then they sell them to the Western market and to the West .
This is what 's going on in the Western world , and this is the main motivator .
Now , let me show you some friends that I 'm doing , and they 've been beaten by the film of Italian police , where they 're at the main bar of the primary Greeks .
Now , the animal production is very cheap .
But the European Union wanted them to pay the world 's tallest selling .
So if you can go into the main bar of the 20th - section , you get a very high amount of profits , and I want to show you a little bit of that kind of self - organizing .
This boat was a million Euros .
Europe does n't go much faster than that .
And from 1994 , seven years , 20 years of boat was successfully successful , and the night came to Italy .
This exercise led to 80 billion dollars of income .
And these are money taken out of the Gulf of War - war war .
And this kind of intervention , the first time , is that Italy is only the same time that the spaghetti sauce is going to get the same darn fast .
That 's important , because the only way he grabbed their way is to get them out .
Sometimes the women 's women are being treated by their women , and if the police intervene , they will send these women to the sea so it 's not going to keep it , not chasing it .
To show you how much boat I want to tell you , how many digits can actually grab these people .
And the answer is six .
You know , there are 20 and a half cycles per year .
What 's the mosquito - making community ?
It 's going to be the globalization of globalization because it 's not just repulsion .
There 's a world of availability of the world .
Honestly , money is really easy .
In the last 20 years , it 's a long time worth du Heidi .
Since 1990 , we saw that the worldwide world has been trained to compete with their business , and they do n't have an effective mechanism to prevent money .
And a lot of legal banks are happy , and they 're not going to be very afraid , although they 're not asking any questions .
And the roots of these questions are the network networks .
Now this is a central part of the money of money , if you want to stop the international currency of international crime , money you have to get rid of them .
And the good news is that there are some of the White House , and there are some of the groups that are struggling with these neighborhoods .
And if any of you who care about this , the most important thing to notice is that the rules of a new law , it makes it work , and it takes us to look at it at the prisons .
65 million dollars ruined the lottery .
And that 's what he called the third of the three - year - old and Russian criminal organizations , and he did this for a few years and it did n't have any rules , but there was no rules to find him .
So how many cards on Wall Street ? Or in London , or the ordinary folks ?
I 'll tell you a lot about it .
Let 's give you a " organized currency . "
drugs . This is the title of the day we showed this morning .
This is a picture that I photographed in San Francisco .
It 's one of thousands of people 's family drugs , and a family farm .
Five percent of GDP per capita is the business of this business .
Now , Brian Bezos took me , and he was a member of the Royal Library of Alexandria , where he brought me to a cave in San Francisco in North Carolina and to see some of these things that were introduced to the Congo River , which is , in the Canadian Royal Ballet , that 's a very , very good market , but it 's going to be a great market for the south , because the main goal is that there 's an area of a carbon - and - a - the - half -
Now , even though it 's a little bit more likely to tell you , it does n't have a big impact on the benefits .
In the globalization of globalization , the global market is dramatically increasing .
But it 's not enough to protect the resources of crime .
And yet , it 's going to change a little bit because some of the odd things are happening .
And the U.N. has recognized that this last month is a very important building in Canada , and the areas have been a major building and a redevelopment of the other .
What 's interesting about this is that the market and the stock market is going down because these are the drugs that are going on for them .
Now , the point has changed because it took the manufacturing world to the Western world .
When it happens as it 's a trend , it will be beyond the capacity of the Western world .
We have now reached 40 years , and we 've been able to think of it as serious as we can think about it .
Now let 's talk about recession .
In fact , the organization has been adapted to them , and they 're really good for it .
They were all the happiest members of the world , but they were n't quite amazed .
And it does n't have rules and prestige .
But they also have two of the risks that are being adopted , but really , it 's the second one that they do n't worry about all the way to the other organizations , like the guns , the list of guns .
They 've got threat to the business of business .
People do n't have a lot of equipment , and they do n't find a lot of money , because it 's a recession .
And so they 're going to reduce financial debt and entrepreneurial talent , and there are two components , one and another one , the other one 's criminals .
And it was successful .
And I want to tell you a little bit about this .
Or even more accurate , Mr. Gore .
I knew it was by a Brazilian network .
We sit in the car , and we 're in the streets of Sao Paulo .
And through my laptop , no five minutes , he reduces the computer security system and is a big bank of Brazil .
Well , that 's not really difficult .
And it would say very simple , because the world of crime is not really a high - tech .
The Internet crime is actually a something that we call social engineering .
Or it 's a new story , every single minute .
It 's very simple to imagine that you ca n't imagine people to use their computers most .
But very quickly , when the web criminals found the fastest channel , of course , the owner of the other , and the prestige promises of <unk> and love .
I want you to remember that " I love " -- I 'm just one of the most successful viruses in the world .
And when this virus appeared , I was very lucky , because the first one was brought to me .
She was a lot of emotional and feeling , and it was " love " to me .
And when I see these Rovers , I immediately put it down , and I 'm going to give it a little bit of a piece of challenge .
So , you really need to be careful .
We know that the network 's tools are helping crime tools .
They 're carrying the mosquito 's mosquito when they get free lunch and they can invade our blood and prevent our interests .
Now , Steve Jurvetson is a very productive drug that could kill angiogenesis in the early days .
But the researchers in the last year found that there was a lot of variation in these varieties of starvation .
And the researchers was worried about the cause of resistance , which is because they 're not going to be able to get rid of the medical market , so they can only buy the Internet .
They were blogging - controlled surgery .
And this led to the change , and these organisms do n't have killed , and they have damage to antibiotic resistance .
And I said , because it 's because we have to know that there is an organization that 's going to dominate our lives .
You do n't have to go to the tooling , or drug equipment , and you can do it with an organization .
They influenced our bank accounts .
They were influenced by our communication .
They even affect our food and our government .
It 's not just a question from the Ministry of Defense and New York .
They 're not romance to the 21st century today .
They 're a universal business industry , and they 're creating non - stability and violence .
They would be the dominant economic force , and we need very , very serious to this problem .
It 's a great honor to talk to you .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/al_seckel_says_our_brains_are_mis_wired.html
Dusty Drori is a sin of advice and Teller : to think about the human species of human habitat evolution , and listen to how she 's passionate about what 's going on .
apes , evolution , science
<unk>
And Emeka said that we went from the farm to evolution .
This year was 2009 .
Darwin was born with a funeral .
The dominant 19th century is just turning a anniversary of a millimeter .
They 're going to inspire us to teach us how Darwin and his life is changing the way we think of our ideas .
And I said , " It 's almost like the whole species , because there 's no way to talk about it .
And they want to be able to tell the truth apart and say what they wanted to say .
So , now I 'd like to start with the story of this unique story .
The implication of this is : Why are we so different from chimpanzees ?
The Digital Superhighway told us that we are close to the apes and the chimpanzee , almost nothing different . It 's really connected .
But when you look at the shape , the chimpanzee is a chimpanzee , and the people are very different .
And I 'm not talking about things like this kangaroo , like culture , or pests , or intelligence .
And I 'm talking about the fundamental difference between foundations , which is that it can measure the difference .
They , the guy , was the emperor of hairs , with four blades .
This guy is the black box , and it 's a little bit to walk , which is why ?
You know , if I 'm a good Darwin , I need to believe that there 's a reason for that .
If we change this big , you have to be certain .
What 's happening ?
In 50 years , we have a very simple problem .
Everybody knows the answer .
And they all know what happens .
And the leader of the Bonobo was leaving the tree , and our ancestors went to the hill .
And this explains everything .
We have to stand upright , and we 'll see that it 's going to be the place where the animal is going to bury our hands , or to feed our hands , to allow us to use weapons to make weapons .
We 're chasing ourselves chasing the body , so we have to say , " Get rid of our bodies . "
And the generation , everyone knows this story .
But in the 1990s , some things started resolved .
And the combined shield looked more carefully , looking at the tiniest load of color , which is the equivalent of the size of the population .
And it turns out that they 're not a species species .
And it turns out that Coke is also not the birthplace of a panda bear .
And then they found a clever approach to analyze the pollen .
No , fear .
These are the pieces of pollen that are not a plant plant .
Some of the things that are coming from the Republic of Michigan are silent .
And this gives us a situation where we know that we have the first ancestor of trees , and it 's beginning to start out with a lot of the time , but there 's no way of doing it .
That 's not my story .
It 's not a thousand factors .
Everybody has to do it .
This is from the South African Corporation of South Africa .
And he said , " For the last 20 years , what I say to you is that it 's all wrong . Think of it .
We have to go back to the first time , all the time .
It makes him very popular . They do n't want to go back to the original beginning .
I mean , it would be a horrible thing .
You 've got beautiful design systems .
The generation of the generation has been on this .
Nobody believes about it .
And what you 're going to do is think of things like this .
And it turns out it 's all about being mutilated .
How do you do this ? What about scientists ?
We know that the answer was written by Thomas Dolby , who wrote this one , and he wrote a piece of paper in 1967 .
And he said , " You know , as scientists do n't have to do it , you should guess what he 's saying ? " They keep what 's happening when they do nothing .
If they do n't have a revolution , they would n't ask them .
So they said , " Yeah , the paradigm is wrong , but if you want , imagine it 's right . "
They take the only choice , they stop asking questions .
So that 's what they 're doing right now .
So this is why you do n't hear their discussion . It 's a mess .
Some of them will come to the height of the principle .
We 're going to do that .
The Harvard Institute of Harvard said , " Is n't it going to be selectively selectively activate ? "
I mean , why do n't we talk about chromosomes , genes ?
And then shows what we looked at .
Darwin must be in the Houston store .
If he understood this , " scientific behavior . "
It 's called " scientific Unrest . "
He 's thinking about it from the ideas .
If you say , " Well , we 're going to stop there , and you 're like to get rid of the root of your species , but you do n't have to put it in the window , because it 's the origin of all species .
And the irony is that it turns out that the model system is actually what we do n't have to wait .
Now there 's a little bit of that right now .
And it started out there since 1960 , and when the ocean biologist Al Gore said , " I think our ancestors might live for a long time . "
He took this idea 30 years in his own abstraction .
And when the media understood his theory , it 's a prestige response .
And he said , " Well , it 's just impossible to say .
And you asked me to lose a lot of crap in front of my career .
You ca n't do it .
At the time , this is the origin of the human species , and it 's just like , " It 's like being abandoned , like " The Oprah " and the Air Force .
But I do n't think so .
I think it 's a very important reason to have him .
And I just wanted to say that some of those are called the human species , which is that we all have a different species of human beings and other species .
Let 's look at the skin .
Clearly , every time we think about losing human hair , we 're going to look at the animal of the body , like <unk> , and the dolphins , the turf of hawk , the sea , the mud .
And some of them are in southern Africa .
Do you want to decide that it might be the reason that we have a human skin .
And I talked about it , and people said , " No , no . "
I said , look at elephant .
You all forget the elephant ?
In 1982 , I said that the elephant might have landed .
Namaste .
And she took her , and she said , " What does she do ? "
But today , everybody agrees that the elephant is spreading .
And this has become a matter of understanding , and all of a sudden , the animals , the animals , are aquatic plants , all of them .
PH : The Jill was thought to be the final one .
And it turns out that last year , in Florida , there was the dawn of Santa Cruz , and said , " A majority of the time is living in the water . "
So the skin skin and water is the same dynamic .
And as a result , it 's just a little benefit .
You ca n't say all the ballast , because , look at the skin .
And yet , you can say all the skin plants are all over the course of the lifetime of water , or the ancestors of their ancestors , and I think it 's significant .
The only particular case is that it does n't take a surface from the surface .
They 're walking around .
This is a unique because we 've been upright - upright .
But we can say , all the leadership and the availability , and if they 're willing to do it for a long time , the ability to walk .
And it 's only one case , and they 're always going to walk out of the end of the way .
Do you think that 's the case ?
David Fowler shows this very important because it might be the reason we started walking upright .
And look at the fat layer .
We do n't have a fat species in our distribution where we do n't unlike other primates .
What 's the fat fat ?
And if you look at the stars , you know , the fat fat of the mammal is filled with a little bit of fat in the middle of a balloon , and it 's going to go into the rocket and the stroke of these fat , which is the red bar on the surface .
For whales , this kind of move is completely sterile , completely fat , all across the ocean .
We do n't have to reject this problem with our human species , that fat leads to us .
We have this fat that 's filled with fat .
The only way that we can explain why human beings are very , very obese , to say that the other primates , which is really not impossible .
There 's a very strange thing , never explanation .
It 's about why we can speak .
We can speak .
It ca n't be , why ?
And it does n't matter to the teeth , the tongue , the lungs do n't have a relationship with consciousness .
And you 're trained to train me , " Oh , it 's not possible . "
One is the only one that has consciously sensitive to control , and the animal rings , and the bird bird .
It 's a matter of speech .
Also , our bodies form .
Think about the human being on the water , and the water goes down .
And imagine the same thing as if you 're going to do it , you can just look at the size of a fish that I do n't really get to fish .
And the idea is that I 've been trying to figure out the ideas , and I 'm going to say that the wrong thing is to be wrong , it 's not a mistake .
What 's unexpected about them is they 're not going to protect their own schedule , and they all agree with their ideas .
It 's not there .
They shave to say , " It 's a vacuum - state . "
And when I say that , how do they react ?
And one of my favorites , I heard , is that it 's been studied by research .
They were in the early stages of serious polls when they published his papers .
I do n't believe it .
PH : I 've been searching for evidence , even if any accident , I 'd like to conclude with that .
It 's not a research research ever .
Sometimes I would ask some people , they would say I 'd like to get wet .
Everybody likes to be fishing .
They do n't believe it , but they like it .
And I said , " Why do you think this is the case ? "
They said , " Well ... ...
Everybody thinks that 's the case .
Do n't they all be wrong ? Is it ?
And the answer is , " Oh , yes , they can be wrong ! "
There are many examples of history in history .
And if you have a science problem like this , the problem is not a problem , not just in the face of the head , and say , " You know , what people are talking about ? "
In addition to that , some of them are more likely to represent the other .
Some people have changed the idea .
PH : PH , he changed the idea .
Daniel Daniel , who has changed the U.S.
David Hoffman , who joined it .
Anybody ? Usually .
How good ?
Now let 's talk about the future .
Eventually , one of the things that happens at least is one of the three things going on .
In the next 40 years , 50 , and 60 , they might say maybe maybe .
We do n't want to go to say that , let 's say something else .
It 's an amazing consequence .
The second thing that might happen is some young geniuses came and said , " I find it . "
Not a copy , not the water , it 's this !
Now this is not the sign that 's happening .
I do n't think there 's a third alternative .
So the third thing that might happen is a very beautiful thing .
And if you look at it in the last century , there is a lot of gunfire , and it 's a sin to engage with Darwin and Darwin in Princeton .
So the idea of romance is the role of Darwinian Darwin and Mendel .
I think it 's going to happen in common things .
You will get a whole new approach .
The notion of poetry and Darwin is going to be going to be happening together .
And then we ended up with a long time .
It 's a very beautiful place .
For me , it 's not about me .
Because I used to say , " I 'm at the age of my 14-year - old , and I have a big age for bananas . "
What 's going on here ?
I can tell you three stars .
Girl 2 : No .
They decided that they were in 1960 , and they said , " The recursion on the ground . "
It 's not easy to change their ideas .
It 's not just hitting it .
They do n't talk about books .
And the reason is that we 're not saying that the skin is more likely to be more like the skin .
It just knows that the train is n't just reaching through .
All we 've never been able to do with the opportunity to connect to something else except the kind of grandeur .
I do n't know what the spike is .
From those who have been beaten by a group of people , the " Buy " is called " mountaintop removal . "
If you want to go in the field , if you 're going to be in a field where you believe it 's the best , because it does n't matter because it does it .
So I felt that there was a kind of a kind of scientific institution that I had developed .
But you know , it makes me feel good because Richard Dawkins says this is how we should react to a wedding system .
And he said , " Well , first of all , you 're not going to give him all the psychological and Christie 's .
Okay , so I 'm going to do this .
Secondly , he said , " Do n't be afraid to brush the boat . "
And I 'm going to do that .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/joshua_walters_on_being_just_crazy_enough.html
Engelbart are a performer , and the producer is a network of toy and he 's brave to his own side . From him , we can see his passion -- to help people , to make things that they use to use simple and connect things .
arts , collaboration , comedy , community , culture , sports , demo , entertainment , software , web
<unk>
Engelbart waxed tricks
And Chris used me to invite me at TED , and I would n't cry for him , because I think I ca n't do it with the audience , but I 'd like to do a lot of relationships .
TED is a big meeting .
But he explained to me that he did n't find a compelling piece of attraction and TED conference , which I 'd like to do with TED , and I said , ♫ Sobule : Oprah -- I 'm going to talk to Chris , but I want to have two conditions .
Number one : I 'm going to start with the early days of the morning .
So the second thing that I 'm going to do is I 'm going to take a talk about a theme of Douglas Harlan .
And luckily , he agreed , and two years later , you 'll see the theme of my talk , " lovely puppies . "
And I invented a camera with a camera .
In fact , it 's not for pictures , but this guy 's very cheap , you 've always felt you 're there .
♫ Sobule : How beautiful a day , it was revolting . ♫ Sweeney : Let me invite you and your family ! And I know that the letter came to you , but it 's not a surprise for you to look at what 's going on in your mind , and it does n't seem to be a surprising thing to do if you 're going to get to what I 'm talking about , which is that it is n't just looking for it . And , in the way , I 've been able to find
And I was a teacher who was dying , and the guy who died , the founder of the African West , was the West of West African , but he was in the war of civil war .
You know , you know your country is a country of economic economics , and your people are very trust by the business of business . And that 's where I give you a book .
And before my father died , he had a billion dollars , and these money could give him away from the civil war .
These were the money that were used to overcome the country in the United States , before the War War , when the war was flooded , the leader of War molecules asked me to give him money to him , but my father was murdered , because he was tortured to his family .
Meanwhile , in this world , only I knew about my mom , because my father always had a secret to me .
And I was very quickly at the rescue of the Library of Lagos , and he would put it using the Red Cross to cut these money to the outskirts of free park , even though they did n't know what they were .
And our family is so busy to fill those money in Thailand , and a very safe security company , which I just just sort of think about my face .
I do n't want to take money to invest in Senegal because there 's no economic economy and my country .
I just wanted you to help me with a gun , and I knew that the first , one , is a silence , to accept this money -- the latter , the second , for the number of people who are going to get the money that you 're trying to negotiate on your account at the expense of your accounts -- and the third one is that it will take you all the time .
It 's a miracle of truth .
This is really embarrassing .
And I was told that I had 18 minutes and I got 18 minutes .
But I just prepared 15 minutes .
So , to make it cool , I 'm here for three minutes .
I was very happy .
Do n't you ?
Mark Steve Jurvetson , this is a very cool name , ooh ! Wow !
Are you a little girl ? Do n't you ? Man ?
I mean , am I talking to TED ?
Right ? Oh , so you 're like this 1,000 , 2,000 people in some sense ? Do you say , " Oh ? Oh ?
You do n't understand what I mean ?
Oh , Mark .
Girl 2 : Okay ?
This is not a good deal .
This is not a good deal .
Yeah , Steve Jurvetson and some of those guys who have been with Google .
Very cool . Well , we went together .
They tell me that Google software is very high - tech , it 's going to prepare you with Google and Google , so it predicts what you do .
Like I said , " It 's crazy , it 's nuts . "
But they said , " No , but they do n't say it 's not . "
They said I could make it .
So , for example , my name will tell me , and I have to tell you that it 's not a long - term software . This is a real network , which is really the real Google website . Today , we 're going to test it right here .
And I 'll say what I 'm going to talk about ? Do n't it be me .
Are I fortunate ?
Are I fortunate ?
Yes , the bulk .
♫ Sobule : Oh , it 's fun .
In 2001 , I 'm in October , " prove my love " folder .
In rodents , I 'm going to put it into the website , and this will include my closest friends as I invite , invite you to join my 26 birthday birthday .
I know Monday , more than a million people go to this website .
In a week , I got a phone call from the Guardian network , and I spent 100,000 dollars more than 10 G , so I owe them 3,000 dollars .
Do n't say , I ca n't get my job .
And as you can do , finally , I became a guy .
But some people use me as not just the Internet or the network of Internet .
I know something like this .
And I 'm really hard to explain that complex philosophy , and I wo n't get to understand it because it 's a bit of a dots for me , but -- but unfortunately , I do n't have a lot of time to tell .
Maybe I 'll go back and say , say this question .
I was obsessed with email , and I learned a lot about it .
After four years , I still have to get more than 200 to 300 or 300 . They do n't know what people are , and it 's a great opportunity for me to understand different cultures , right ?
It 's like a microscope look at the whole world .
You can even get the rest of the life . I get a lot of inspiration from the regular Web .
For example , some people write me .
They said , " Hey , Steve , do you have to do it ? Do you get to the remix ? " I said " Why are I waiting for us ? "
They said , " Hey , thank you very much , but I mean , you know , we 've done it .
This is really embarrassing .
But as you know , this is a collaboration . In collaboration with me and my fans , I have to say " yes . "
I hear a lot of people on the street .
And I know what you 're saying , " What are you talking about ? What 's the significance of this ? "
I have to say , this year 's not me .
And I guess Chris 's really convinced this , because in the last few years , I 'm assuming there 's some TED speakers in TED . I do n't know .
So , this year , Chris introduced us to JPL .
It allows us to feel a little bit of the feeling that we 're going to get home in the stage , so we have a lot of experience about this talk .
And I have to say , it 's really good to do it here !
I want to tell you a little joke , but it 's not a big deal .
You can play the people who are other people .
Voice : Hey , Houston , fast .
Jabbar : You 're not going to get a ticket .
Voice : We want to look at the tooling .
You 're attacking our time .
And I 'd like to say that the last thing I really want is -- thank you very much .
Kermit the Frog .
I had the first time in the first time of my time .
It 's real . Some people say , they said , " Name , you 're doing something like this , but you do n't make a lot of money .
Why ? I said , " Mama , dad -- and I say " You know , I do n't know if you know whether you realize this , and the video game is going to be a little bit of money , so it 's a couple of millions of dollars .
I mean , like $ 100 , I spent the last year . So I decided I 'd try to get my legs .
I 'm a puzzle of games .
This game is called " Heidi . "
I want kids to really love this game .
See , I 'm walking around and I said what ?
So it does n't work the same way .
I know why you 're wrong with it .
I 'm trying to change the pattern before you do it before .
The Buddhist , of course , looks very similar to " Heidi . "
And then you become a <unk> .
This is a great game because you know about 25 cents you can take this game a long time .
Chris Anderson : And Chris said , " You know , we should have some new stuff for TED , and some of us have never shown us .
So , I created this for TED , which is " Christians . "
It 's just a series of factors .
I hope it 's a little bit better .
You have no choice ? Okay , good choice .
We wait for the second two bucks -- it 's a number of digits to get to 500 .
And indeed , what are we talking about ? Oh , just a technical joke .
For me , technology writers are important because I get a lot of happiness from technology .
In fact , we 're making something that needs to use these techniques , and I 'm here to say that even though I recline , I wo n't be -- keeping things to me , making things really joyful .
It 's a process that creates me to keep a anxiety that I live in my life , and that 's what I 've been doing with 80 of my projects , but I still have a lot of stuff to do , because you do n't have one thing , you 're not going to go to the other one . That 's all my whole life .
And what I 've been doing is , I started to make a lot of interest on the way that I 'm interested in making the feeling that it 's not a artist .
We 're talking to the culture of partners , and we 're very hard to use some software because they are very difficult to drive . People say they have to read a file .
So , I tried -- I 'm trying to make a little bit of a small activity , and I hope these things make people learn to express themselves .
I know , but -- I 'm trying to create a kind of meaningful environment , and this environment is to express themselves for themselves .
And I created a competition called " antiangiogenic attacks , " and I think it 's a lot of fun to work .
Narrator : It 's about 500 to three weeks .
And people in countries are doing a very incredible watch .
Online tools -- you might see a lot of these things .
And I think this is really cool .
And I think it 's a good opportunity for people to come up with a very good chance or the other thing , and I 'm really interested in this process , which is the process that I really enjoy .
And the problem is that a lot of people get stuck in the frame , and they use this kind of way . Like , draw some of the characters .
Finally , they stop drawing this stuff , and they draw something like this .
So , this is a tool that tries to create tools that create a reproductive tool .
In other words , it 's a kind of vegetarian .
You can draw a little bit of a fuss about , and it 's added to make your creation , like , like , a war bank .
And that 's what you can do -- oh , in fact , the technology is going to be more good , even though it 's very bad , we keep up , and we start making , you know , something that you do n't have to do , but it does n't look like a lot of value .
And here are some of the things I like . This is a little bit of a piece of wood that 's very cool for me .
Silly , beautiful stuff .
I mean , it 's unbelievable . It 's an 11-year - old piece of 11 girls , and this is really interesting .
And I actually die . In fact , it 's not a joke .
But I think this is a very interesting , beautiful thing .
So this is called " Frost engineering . " This is -- -- it 's -- you know , that 's a little bit of information , and that is a piece of collaboration .
This is a klutz ' nest .
There 's no way of doing this , and the same thing is that , in fact , no line is written in a different way . In different terms .
I wanted to be now , " dengue fever . " Miss Faulkner brought me , and I 'm holding it right now .
And I told you , this is really amazing , and if you guys , or you are married , you can go to my home , say , " Let me talk to you about it . "
But it 's just like a circle of local activity , but let people do some happy things .
In fact , they wanted to go to the other side . It 's just a low - cost corner , but I think it 's important to build a lot of social capital , and we 're not going to do it . Okay , I like puppets , this attraction !
It 's dance dance to dance , and it 's a surprise that it is an amazing kind of wonder . He starts doing some pretty elaborate stuff .
I was interested in puppets . I wanted to show you the same thing .
Oh , how do you make puppetry .
Chris Anderson : Ladies and gentlemen , Ann Smith !
http://www.ted.com/talks/robert_full_on_engineering_and_evolution.html
The politicians pointed out : " politicians are weird creatures , and give them the best approach to your problem is to negotiate a month to write a half - month , the phone shows why the traditional power is better than email , phone and even more .
business , culture , politics , social change
<unk>
Edward Drori : Making political progress
One thing to define TED is that you 're passionate about your passion and you do it .
You really need a lot to care about you .
But you 'll find that you need to get a vote for your vote .
So how do you do that ?
And I can tell you that I 've been discovering a little bit about design work , which is a long time to go through my mind .
So when you think about politicians , you have to realize that they 're strange creatures .
And it 's not just that they do n't have schedules , and their own resources are very strange .
What we need to know is : What fuels the civilization of politics ?
In the politicians , there are two basic laws of legislation and influence .
These are the most primitive tools that are used to the politicians .
The second one , the second is not like other animals , most of the other species , which is self - protection .
Now , you might think of money as the key , but it 's just an example of dengue , which I do .
Now , it turns out that these animals have been introduced to this .
What 's wrong with it , and what 's the way it 's going to get your problem ?
You can email them to email .
But unfortunately , I always received a lot of rice , and you lose your email .
Well , it 's not like the Grand Canyon .
So it 's called " phone " .
Okay , often it 's a robot conversation , and they go back to the phone , they say no .
It does n't call it .
Compare it to face , but it 's very difficult to do it .
It 's often harder to get effective response and communication .
Yes , it 's really good to take care of the payoff and the good discussion , but it still needs to be a little bit of a <unk> .
So what 's the most productive thing ?
And the answer may be quite incredible .
And this is what he 's letters .
We live in a digital era , but we 're still very sophisticated creatures .
The letters are very useful .
And even though our president is going to be a good day , they 're used to pick up their employees .
And I can tell you about every discipline that I 've been working on , and they 're telling you that they 've got letters and their significance .
So why do n't you burrow ?
First of all , you 've got to find a conventional device -- thunder .
And I know you 're going to have a hard time to cope with how it 's right , but this is really important .
And the most important thing is , you 're going to get the letter .
This was very rare , and somebody took this old tool to write me .
Second , I 'm going to suggest how to use a positive gesture , at least for the transportation community writing letters .
And here I 'm going to assure you that if you keep it to the three months , you can start to call your phone once when you 're going , and you ask you , " How do you see this ? "
Now , I 'm going to suggest that you put a piece of paper by using a four - legged structure .
When you get closer to these animals , you need to know about getting closer and closer , and you have to get close to them .
So , in the lexicon , I 'm very simple to your advice .
You might not really listen to each other , you do n't like any other other thing , but you can start with them .
When the animal wants to get something , they get it .
They do n't spend time on their time .
So , your chance .
And the second one is actually , you can see the position of your right ear .
And when you do that , do n't attack anyone to do it .
It will make you lose a ticket .
And thirdly , when the animal is attacked , they 'll be threatened by the threat , so you have to give them a grapes .
And most of the time , if they found a cup , they would choose to get it .
Obviously , you 're great .
Once you have the right legs , you 're making right decision decision .
And you want to be a trained expert .
You become safe safe areas .
So in the lexicon , you 'll tell people , " If no one 's ever sent you , I 'll help you . "
And the animal really loved the trick , and they 're not going to fill you up , or you try to attack you and say , " Wow . "
You 're going to tell them a little bit about how the letter works .
You 've done some of the projects you 've been doing , you 're an administrator , and some other things you do .
Why it 's important .
Because it suggests that two of the political ones are the most ambitious ones , which is that you have a big influence , and my partner has to rely on you .
Here 's a very small amount of skill that you 're doing for TED at TED .
You should do it again .
Well , first of all , you put it into the local meeting .
And then you get a breath of a coin and a half .
And if you do that , they would say , " Are you there ? "
And that kind of guy would have a little bit of a tag on the board , " Oh , it 's a very important letter . "
And your letters came into the Sahel , and then the leadership had to read this letter .
Now , your letter means that I have to tell you , we 're all in a party and a politicians .
We listen to them as being treated and stolen , and they 're sold to the opportunity to communicate .
And I had the first time in Hong Kong , and I got this letter , I 've taken it on every column .
And this is a chance of conversation , and if you have this piece and wants to communicate , it 's a very important talk .
So once you do that , I assure you that you would be a nuclear altar .
Take Legos .
http://www.ted.com/talks/joshua_walters_on_being_just_crazy_enough.html
artists were using a violin interface to explore how we could interact with each other and the world , and in this peculiar talk , she shows " Teller , " and " Hi Maestro " ♫ ♫ Sobule : William Faulkner , the other bold device .
art , communication , culture , sports
<unk>
Jonathan Drori : The art of antiangiogenic communication
I am Abu Frost .
I like making a device , and we 've used them with connections and communication .
So I 'm very interested in how we 've been able to interact with each other and how the world is connected to our world .
So I 'm just going to show you a little bit about myself , and I 'd like to talk to you about the artist .
I teach the physics of physics and the API .
Most of the devices I do , or I 'm in a sense , is in some way and a little bit of a body .
So every time I 'm going to show you a little bit about what I 've been working on .
Actually it 's very simple .
Everybody , you all have body body .
And I would assure you , every person in this room was sitting on a regular chair , or on the top of the laptop , we all have body body .
Do n't shy off .
And this is one of our common bodies in common , which is our primary interface .
So , whether an interactive designer or a interactive artist is actually a very , very compelling area in the body , or the power of the inside , and it 's a pretty compelling area .
So my main material and tool tool .
And so I can communicate through all sorts of things , from radio muscle to a Bamana standpoint .
So let me tell you a little bit about what I 'm doing , from the easiest shadow .
It came back to a couple of years ago , and I sat back in the subway at a time when I was sitting home .
I 'm talking about less people .
So I 'm thinking about how to use this kind of thing , if I could collect all these voices -- like , I think of the sound that I normally think about , and if you get rid of physics , then I can share them into a specific form and then I can share them with people .
So when I went home , I made the original prototype .
And I 'm going to name her in a coffee cap because it sends them out of it , and you can transfer them to share them and share it with other people .
So I kept doing the other king .
And I was called a coffee camera .
Very impressive .
It creates a conversation with you .
When you talk about it , your voice is actually vaporized to your own ears .
So when I was making these things , the slogan was not in the device itself , but it was the outer space .
So what happens when you take this one ?
How did they experience ?
And what they do is they change it .
So many of these devices are actually 1,200 connections to each other .
This particular device is called the ring .
It 's a tool that allows people to hear their internal voices .
And some of these devices are more important to express and informally .
And as this inhibits heart of this ketchup , it 's a place that can use it to express themselves in terms of making themselves .
They can attribute it to it from their emotions .
And they can express everything , from clowns to desire and anxiety .
And some of the devices are actually used .
This is a device that 's ready for for controversy .
It gives you a sense of this kind of emotional communication , but it absorbs the word " weird . "
And finally , some of the equipment just just invited .
This shows the ear of the sound that 's there on its name , and the other one can grab your ears and they want to say .
And even though I 'm really interested in relationships , I think about what we 're thinking about with the world 's world .
A couple of years ago I spent time in New York City , and I think a lot about the architecture of what I 've been thinking about around me and how I 'm going to work with them .
I thought , yes , yeah .
Maybe I 'm a better connection to the wall , maybe I should be more like the wall .
So I made a big wall , and I would like to go like a backpack with it .
Later , I put it on it and I felt that I could do it with me , and it could be done for me .
So now , let 's take a different perspective from the environment , and I have a project that I 've been working on at the beginning of the world , which is called " plant Phone , " and it 's called the vegetative phone .
So , when a plant is a fractal , it can be a telephone site , and it 's like the service site of a pacemaker .
It allows us to interact with plants , because a small ribbon of plants can express its needs for thousands of people , in each other .
And I 'm talking about the size of the mass , and of course , of course , of course , of course , of course .
And the great news is that there 's a lot of reasons why I 'm really interested in this , but the most exciting thing I 'm most interested in is the relationship to the wind .
Because it seems like it 's been done .
The wind is moving through us .
They 're constantly changing and they 're going to be completely disappeared .
So I live in Canada , so I 've been visiting a garden in Canada .
This is really interesting , because in the North Atlantic , it 's the tallest one in North America .
They 're going to take these buses to the Arctic Ocean to get people out of the surface .
And it made me remembered my original experience .
When I saw the first time in the airport , I asked myself how to do it .
There was no social anesthesia .
I do n't even know how to get a handle on the top .
Am I going to draw a little bit of a piece of news on the street ?
Or I 'd like to assemble a blade of sand and blue ice cream , and the ice cream .
And then I needed to give myself a talk to myself , just like a ice cream that could amplify my voice when I talk about the wind .
But I 've had the best experience of listening to any of the good relationships that you have to listen to .
It was a lot of defense for me .
This is a kind of little revolution in my physical approach to change the relationship between the ground .
Now , since we used to do this with the device , I was really doing a device called " The Eagle fumes . "
And it 's made of a material material that uses a kind of layer of material materials that can regulate human and urbanization .
And again , this one asked me to ask people to get a cure and give the wind to a blaze of defense .
So that 's just the beginning .
And this is all about thinking about this project .
I 'd like to have a wall like this , and I hope I 'm going to be a little bit more like the wall and , of course , I want to do a lot of traffic .
So my goal is to take the future for a decade to do a series of different kinds of books , and technology , expert experts , scientists and scientists , to investigate the relationship of how we treat the human race .
Now I just wanted to say that we 're in the era of this era and device , and it 's very exciting , but I think it really is really important to think about how we can think of what we do at the same time , the tools and the dynamics of the world .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/robert_full_on_engineering_and_evolution.html
Pennsylvania is antiangiogenic . In order to save it , <unk> Armstrong thinks that the architecture of the traditional materials is not used , we need to self - organizing architecture , and she shows a kind of deterministic material .
architecture , art , biology , design , development , life , science , sustainability , technology
<unk>
Ron Pollan : The architecture of self - sufficiency
Now , all the buildings have a common common denominator .
It 's all the liberation skills .
And the fabric , the industry produces , has a group of workers to build .
And this led to a negative outcome .
This is a kind of energy flow , which is basically from nature to our home and home .
So this is not sustainable .
And I think the only way to build sustainable homes and cities is to connect them and interact with nature .
Now , to do this , we need a right language and nature .
Living systems and natural systems have permanent communication in nature , through a series of snapshots .
And this dialogue is a little object converted into another kind of dialogue , which is something that is translated into the other and absorbs energy and energy energy .
This is a way to transform resources in sustainable ways , to change the resources of the local resources , and it 's going to be a kind of dynamic way of transforming your resources to sustainable resources .
So , I used to use materials that could fit into architecture .
And it does n't exist , and I want to create them .
And I 'm working with the University of Utah and the Institute of Defense Corporation , and , also , we also work with international scientists with this new approach to the bottom of the wall .
That means we 're going to create it .
The chemists are Martin Gardner 's one of our collaborators , and he 's interested in being impaired and active .
And that 's exactly what we 're looking at in progress .
Martin uses a system called " The vegetarian cell . "
And this is the magic thing , and it 's a fat of a shark .
But there are no DNA .
The behavior of this stuff is just the only way that there is life .
It could move in their environment .
It 's been the place of chemicals that are caused by chemicals .
They can withstand complexity . They 're happy architects .
See , these symbols can imitate the environment around the environment .
We do n't know how they do it .
See , this is a universal cell , and it 's trying to overcome the skin .
It 's a kind of a death hero .
It 's a hard process .
This is a abnormal cell from the atmosphere , and it 's a total of carbon dioxide that 's spreading through the atmosphere , and it turns out it 's going to be carbonate .
And those are the ones who are the ones who have the faces .
They 're just going to be part of it , and we just have one .
So what we do is we try to try and reconstruct these technologies to create a bottom - bottom building that is now going to the top of the hairs , and that can make a structure of materials .
They 're more sophisticated .
And this materials actually has a long time .
Our ancestors used to put them in architecture .
If you go to Oxford in Oxford today , look at those buildings -- these days , I love this -- you can see a lot of it uses goggles .
And if you look at the rock , you can see some of those rock and small bones each .
They were called millions of years .
Now this is a very interesting thing to do .
It looks beautiful .
But imagine what this rock would be if its surface could always be a conversation .
Maybe they could amplify CO2 .
Would that give you a sense of what 's going on here ?
The most likely is that it grows .
Maybe it might be self - organizing , even though it 's more complex to the environment , and even more complicated than the environmental environment .
And the opposite of architecture does n't really get a sense of a special material .
He wants to think more , right ?
So when we wanted to look at more metabolic materials , we can start from ecological persevere , like a repair nuclear reef , or the inside of the city .
These examples are like Venice .
Well , you know , Barbara and the oceans have a comparison , and it 's built on the top of the tree .
So , we developed a process that could make the dominant cell technology sustainable .
The architects of the architect came out of a series of design , and we came up with a whole series of designs to develop the city to grow the city .
And that 's what we have now .
So this is a technique that we 've been working with , " Our Eagle cell " technology , a kind of a piece of wire , like the first mangoes , and the RHex is able to adapt to natural materials .
Now , we 're looking at the footage of this , and we 're studying this .
It 's a very interesting part .
We do n't want to let them be upright by these beautiful stars .
We need them to grow around where they 're growing around the street .
You 're going to take those of these fancy cells to move away from the light movement .
We looked at this in the lab .
They can get away from light .
They can do it as well as you can pick up their species .
So , they 're not in a physical , and we 're adding them .
Now , these cells are now picking up a swarm of vacuum tubes , and the headrest is going to be the equivalent of the recline .
But they 're not going to be able to do it immediately .
It takes a few years to improve and monitor this technology in a case of case , the biggest structural building in Venice .
But gradually , when these buildings are convinced , we 're going to see a city that 's sweeping the bottom of the city .
And self - eruptions is a huge amount of carbon dioxide .
It 's going to impact the local ocean , and it would find themselves in the position of this ecosystem .
This is really interesting , and now we have a technology that can fit the city with nature , through a direct way .
But the most exciting thing is that this technology is useful everywhere .
It 's a kind of fractal , and it 's all about this technology , which means that the technology is right for developing countries .
So to conclude , I 'm looking at the metabolic materials that are not as long as a lover 's decade , and in architecture .
And also , these are the characteristics of life , which means that they work to work with their lives .
And as the progress of architecture , they go back to architecture .
And finally , if a future of the future is going to look at these beautiful buildings , he could n't be able to do this with nature , or human work .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/robert_full_on_engineering_and_evolution.html
Clay Shirky was made up to reduce the purpose of a life - based life , funded by Google purchases of Google cars , and amazing videos came out of the tunnel of DARPA , where I was able to put it in the sidewalks of Hong Kong , from TED2011 .
Talks
<unk>
Christopher Goldstein : A car from Google
And as a boy , I love cars .
When I was 18 , I had my best friend in a car accident .
It 's like this .
And I decided I wanted to do it for a million people every year .
I do n't have successful , so it 's just one of the most moderate ones , and I 'm going to show you a little bit about what I 'm talking about .
The first thing I learned about this concept was that in the World War Center , the predecessor of the Cold War Authority , where it was going to be a member of a leader at the top , and it could be led to the leader of an American government .
Even though they were trained , they had no car to get to the end .
So we decided to build a different car in Stanford .
It involves hardware and software .
We 've brought it to our driving skills and then drift across the deserts .
What 's amazing about this : it 's the first car bike operator , the slave car of the car , and this is for two million dollars .
But I did n't save any life .
By the time , we began to focus on a street to any street in California where the cars were driving .
We 've made 14 million miles .
By using sensor sensors , we can see all sorts of things around it and how it works .
It was a perfect drive machine .
We put it in the city like San Francisco , and we 're like San Francisco .
We also went through it in San Francisco to Los Angeles .
We met rice , crowded van cables , and they do n't have a lot of traffic , but it 's completely funded by cars .
In fact , we took 14 million miles , and none of us noticed that this was an electronic car .
Goodbye , with the night and night , even San Francisco .
And sometimes our cars are crazy , and they 're going to be a little bit smaller .
Man : Oh my God .
What ?
Narrator : It 's driving .
Christopher Steve Jurvetson : Now I ca n't let my friends take a ticket , but I can do something else .
Do you know if the first big cause of transportation is a young person dying ?
Do you notice that almost all these accidents are made of people 's wrong , rather than machines , and so we can let the machines protect us ?
Do you realize that we can take the corner trail to get two to three and three times more than we do n't depend on the accuracy of the human being , and we 're trying to optimize the position of their cars in a very granular way , to cut off the freeway ?
Are you able to realize that the average room spent 52 minutes per day in the transportation station , in your daily transportation ?
You can get these time .
It 's about 40 billion hours in the U.S.
It 's being used for 24 million gallons of oil .
Now , I 'm going to have a new technology , and it allows us to take a long time and look at what 's going on in our generation .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/rob_forbes_on_ways_of_seeing.html
Narrator : An extract and orbit , recruiting Rob Shaw Carpet , and the farmers and Brazil were found that their fate and Israel found their destiny in alphabetical of the magnificent century .
business , environment , global issues , morality , nature , sustainability , water
<unk>
Rob Shaw : How the market makes a balloon flow
And this is a river river .
This is a lamp .
This is a river river .
Anywhere everywhere are like this .
There are thousands of miles of water in the U.S.
In this map , the color area represents the water conflict .
The same problem is happening in East Asia .
And the reason it works , but the general thing is that the details are .
It 's about 40 miles across the river .
They 're usually going to be fish and other cows .
They 're the vessels of the ecosystem , usually the blood vessels .
And I want to tell you a story about these water , because it 's the dawn of the whole story .
This is Jeff Bezos .
It passes through a human area , and the Rover is going to the southern corners of the lake .
And there are all these wild fish , including rice , and the Rover .
It 's almost like every hundred years in the last 100 years , it looks like this .
How do we go to this ?
Okay , so when you go back to the 19th century , they start with places like Santa Barbara .
Anyway , there 's a lot of water there , and it 's not .
But as much as I was told , the first time that people were going to be a little bit feared that they were really worried about this , and in Hong Kong , in the Gulf
And the simple thing is , everyone 's got to share water with water .
And the beauty of that , a lot of people would love to share the water , the first time that people were very focused on this , and brought their lawyer out .
In <unk> and ' 60s , they were all about the Great Barrier Reef .
And at the University of 2007 , the next one of the cases of Santa Barbara had to be the first time in which people were first enough to get first , or more and more , more or less , as long as the water was ever in the first time , or a more potent water for a lot of water ?
It 's important to be very important .
The problem is , the whole Western is looking like this .
Some of these rocks are actually more than 50 times the amount of light that 's actually going to get to 100 times the water .
And more than a high - tech owner , if they do n't claim the power of their water , the risk of loss , and the risks of the economy .
So they do n't force to protect water .
It 's not just a group of people ; it 's self - cleaning , because if you think about the water power , you lose it .
So the experience has been hijacked by decades and years and thousands of years , and we have this .
This is a system of grizzly .
It evaporates the protection of water because , you do n't mean your water , lose it .
And I 'm convinced you know that this is a big conflict between agriculture and community community .
Okay . Now I 'm going to change the way .
And most of you have learned that the rest of the speech is free , and you know what the beer is .
There 's another thing that 's happening around the country , which is the company starts looking at their water stages .
They care about the security of the water , and they 're trying to get really efficient in water and do it in the way they use water .
Okay , so this is a principal problem , but I want to tell you another story about beer .
I do n't want you to do it , and the production is worth five and a half days , and it needs to be a five - fold product .
And if you add all the ballast in all of it , it 's going to be more than 100 billion dollars to produce water .
Now , what 's happening now is a lot of what we 're doing to reduce water , but they still have to use millions of gallons of water .
I mean , water in Brazil .
So what 's going to happen with these starlings ? What can they do a lot of water ?
These ecosystems are really important for lawsuits and their customers .
After all , in the water and the gas pedal , and a little bit of this , a little bit , the fisheries and the beer itself .
So <unk> and their customers began to worry about , they 're looking for a solution to the problem .
How do they solve this water level ?
Remember the Swiss House .
For far , commercial defense has always been measured and reducing , and we 're making the next step .
Remember the Swiss House .
It 's a system of clothing .
It inhibits the protection of water , because you do n't claim that your water is losing it .
Well , we decided to connect these two worlds -- and the world of water that has water and a world that is more potent for farmers who have high water .
In some cases , the civil defense owner allows their water to stay out of the water , and the defense protection itself to their water .
After all , it 's their water supply , and if they want to get the power to grow the fish , they do it their right way .
But they did n't do it .
So , with local engagement , we built this kind of dynamic .
We pay them to get them out of the water .
And that 's what happens .
And this guy has the choice of choice , and they put it in the water .
He does n't lose the power of the water , he just chooses this power , or the rights of water on the river , not into the outside .
And because he was the DARPA owner , he could protect the power of water from the other side of the water .
Right ?
He killed water on the water .
And he 's measuring the flow across the river .
And then we went to measure the water , and we divided it into thousands of kilometers .
Each of these Rovers is a piece of wood and a bully , and then the rest of the mosquito goes into a way to recline , as to minimize a way of water .
It loses the water on the river .
This gives you a simple , cheap and understandable way to transfer water to the water , and give the farmers of the farmer to care about their water level and make care of their own water .
After 24 years of conflict and 100 years , a fee - driver and driver does n't solve a problem with a market based on a marketplace , and I 'm going to have a solution to the challenge of the solution -- this solution does not require martyrs .
So this is a real opportunity for people who care about their water , bringing water to places where the water is going to go to the ecosystem , and at the same time it 's for the right economy .
They make people slip together and not hostile .
They make people connect and not separate them .
Narrator : This is the economic support of the rural community .
And most importantly , it 's a effect .
We give rise to the ecosystem of millions and millions of stars .
We teamed the high - level owner and the diesel of the transnational efforts , Oregon , the Civil Carpet , a lot of High - tech organizations that have a lot of high - tech connectivity .
And when we build these together , we can do it .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sirena_huang_dazzles_on_violin.html
The Google Genome Atlas tells the story of how the business of business works in their professional business , and the bold ones that pollinate it .
business , demo , compassion , culture
<unk>
Narrator : In Google houses at Google p.m.
So what are the happiest people in the world ?
It 's not like me .
He should be this .
His name is Christopher McCarthy .
How do you become the happiest person in the world ?
There 's actually a way of looking at the human brain as well .
You can detect the activity of the brain that 's slightly active and more active , compared to the motor cortex and the wind cortex .
And the synthesis of happiness is the result of what 's going on .
He 's the most happiest in the world to measure the happiest people in science .
So this makes us think about a problem : what is he thinking ?
Maybe a little bit of a cry .
In fact , he 's practicing about smoking .
The experience of self - similarity shows the happiest when the heart is most happiest .
Reading of reading a very important story in my life .
My dreams are in my lifetime , and it 's the world of peace -- that it has to be the same for the peace and the heart of the human being , to make it happen worldwide .
Let me learn my job from a new way of thinking about my work .
Narrator : The brain scans of the brain shows that it 's not a celebrity system .
And the joy of happiness is happiness .
It 's something interesting to heart disease .
And this exciting idea can change the game .
Because , if you have mental illness , no one would do it .
But if you have a heart is fun , everyone will do it .
So for those of you who have minds in the world , what we need to do is to fill the cards that the cholesterol is going to be a fun thing .
But the light is interesting .
What if you have a heart attack ?
What if it could also be a threat ?
So , every commission in the world , each of these managers would want a heart -- like this .
This is going to be the world .
So I started looking at how stress works in the context of the economy .
Fortunately , I did n't find very long .
Because what I 'm looking for is actually Google , and I am in the business industry .
And I know that there are other elements in the world , but Google is the bridge I 'm familiar with because I 've been working on this for the last 10 years , so I do this in Google .
Google is an actor .
This is an ad - based business .
Maybe it 's a combination of the heart , and it turns out that there 's a lot of trade .
In Google , businesses are always the same pattern .
It 's an interesting model .
It starts with a little bit of a regular Google mission to do something .
They do n't usually want permission to ask permission , but they 're just going to work on other people , and that population grows .
Sometimes , you know , there is a lot of the size of a leader .
So , in other words , it 's almost entirely from the bottom .
Let me give you another example .
And the first example is that the biggest year in the world -- from Google to Google 's community , which is the case of three employees , and it turns out that , after three teams , the size of the scale , because scale scale .
Another example , three Google people , a chef , an engineer , is a more interesting thing , and the three - to - a - half million people know about India , not any medical company .
What do they do ?
They 're just beginning to get started .
They raised enough money , and they built this hospital to 20 manned hospitals .
In Haiti in Haiti , a lot of engineers and products were voluntary together to work with jobs and work to create a tool to help their arms .
The same bold performance is in our international galleries .
For example , in China , the biggest social community of China and the race of the Chinese race , which is about 1,000 dollars , as education , poverty and environmental issues and social issues .
The systems of all the systems are made in Google to make a social responsibility to create a society that is support .
And this is the same assumption that comes from 42 million people writing at their work , and they 're focusing on work .
And what I think is interesting is that social responsibility is not just part of a major enterprise project , and it 's the process .
It 's like two people say , " We 're doing this , and then the business says , " Okay . "
So we found that Google was a business business because Google employees found a lot of fun .
But the light is interesting .
It 's a real business .
What ?
The first benefit of productivity is that it 's a business leader for this .
What does this mean ?
The heart has three components .
This is the emotional ingredient , " I am with you . "
And the second is , " I understand you . "
And the other one is dynamic , " I want to help you . "
So what does this work with leadership ?
Jim Axelrod had a interactivity of research , and he wrote it on " The Magic Magic Window , " especially a very good leader , to give a industry from good to aesthetics .
He brought this leadership into a leader leader .
These leaders are not only capable of abilities and they have two important qualities , and it 's a prestige condition .
And these Rovers are going to be <unk> .
And it 's because they 're not going to be able to expand the way they do it .
It turns out that it 's often the most great business of these people .
If you notice that these traits are about heart disease , and the mood elements of our mind -- understanding and compassion -- and it 's going to scare me , you know , I 'm talking about the narcissistic , so I say , " Well , there 's a narcissistic . "
You have a pressure - induced dynamic for heart .
They can produce a leader for a heart attack .
And this is the first thing that 's very powerful .
The second irony is that the heart creates huge business .
workers inspire each other to get better .
It can create a very dynamic community that people are listening to each other .
I mean , you work in the morning and the other teams , they just decided they 'd decided to build the hospitals in India .
How do you do this ? This is your own colleague .
So this is inspired by each other to inspire collaboration and creativity .
It causes us to build efficient businesses .
So , what 's the recipe ? To have a heart and a corporate location .
It 's based on our experience .
The first is that creating a culture that creates better and better .
So , how do you want your businesses and your work ?
Or , how can you better support better ?
The goal of saving is always self - interest , and it creates a root of the heart of a heart attack .
That 's the first thing .
The second is Bharti .
There are lots of Legos on Google .
One of the most famous managers of all of us said he said , " Google is a prisoner 's route . "
He was one of the members of his existence .
If you have a cultural culture and other morals , you allow your grapes to innovate and do the most powerful way to do things .
The third component is to focus on the fields and the engagement .
For example , in Google leadership , as self - awareness , the ability to power , or empathy , because we believe that leadership comes from the social beginning .
We 've even created a high - level curriculum , and we 've always wondered , " Exploring " self - organizing self . "
It does n't sound funny .
I trained by training as a engineer , but one of my courses and teaching me that this is interesting because Google trust is an engineer to teach emotion intelligence .
What kind of business is ?
So what 's the source of self - self ?
Three .
And the first step is focused on train .
The focus is the ability to focus on all the high cognitive abilities .
So any one of the lectures is to train emotions to be focused on test tests .
And the idea is to train attention to a kind of mind , which is the future of peace and prestige .
And this is also about smart intelligence .
The second step is more .
The second is that the second one is the ability to innovate and availability .
So for the first time at high 400 patients , we 've created a similar idea of an idea and emotion and emotion .
What does this mean ?
It means to be able to look at our arteries and emotion , and it 's very , very clear that it 's going to arise from the point of view .
And once you can do that , you create the ballast to get it .
And at the end of the slide , what 's going on in the next step is a new kind of psychological habit .
What does it mean ? Think about it .
Imagine you 're going to meet the other one in any given time , and you see any of the first unified ideas of him , " I want you to get happier .
I want you to be happier . "
Imagine , you can do it .
There 's this habit that these psychological habits are changing everything .
Because the good expectations is that unintended aesthetic shows that it has a lot of work .
And it works for heart work .
We want to have a single day , and we wanted to explore the synchrony of the genomics self , so every business of every corporation would be an impostor .
And finally , I want to end up with happiness as well .
And I 'd like to quote one quote , " This man 's guy , not somebody 's London , who said " if you want to give people a happy choice .
If you want to be happy if you 're happy to be happy . "
And I found that this was true , and it was an enterprise level .
I hope that this heart is not just fun , and it has benefits .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/scott_kim_takes_apart_the_art_of_puzzles.html
It 's not just the political thing about Islam -- most of the behavioral action events , even in a country called " domestic Grab countries , " and thank you , you know , we have the ability to stand up , and we should get out of it and should be on the pedal .
global issues , law , politics , prison , war
<unk>
Sirena Huang : How to stop saving
In 1994 , I met a parent in Cameroon , a 12 - year - old boy who was arrested and blocking the lawyer .
When I looked at his eyes , I realized that although I used to write a letter to the political government , and I would n't give him a reason for that , because the 12 year - olds did n't make a difference .
He was not a political guy .
He was 12 years old because it killed a bicycle .
And I realized that not only was in Cambodia and Match.com with a couple of years of developing countries , through the legal government declared their citizens to fund lawyers , and to be very good .
And I think we have a great opportunity to break the international society together .
We often think of it as a political behavior or a worst situation , but it 's actually not the right time for Islam .
And it 's not the case of people who live in the legal system , and unfortunately the cost of choice is the costs of cost -- much more than being a cost - to - a - cost force to make a difference than the lawyer and search for most of the time .
And I believe that if we unite the international society , we make a decision to get one of these ideas to stop our goals , but three transformations for us .
First of all , to give the world the laws of health care , enough training , support and help .
And the second is that it 's the beginning of making sure that it works .
Autonomy is commitment and responsibility .
In 2000 , I started thinking about what if we were really Cambodians ?
Are we going to do something about this year ?
So I founded a facility called " International Systems Market , " which is a very special task , and it 's stopping the laws of the legal system , we have a group of competition in the same age that we 've been able to go to the beginning of a police station and the net .
And I first came out of Cambodia , and I remember that the first time in 1994 was less than 10 lawyer , because the Khmer Rouge was almost leaving them .
And even 20 years later , it 's only about 10 lawyer , so when you walk into a prison , you 're not going to be 12 years old , and you ask the woman , " You know , why ? "
So there 's no law in the wild .
And the first group was built , and I remembered when I was training for them , I said , " Okay , what do you do ? "
In the 1970s , the last woman stood up to her and said , " The Lord " -- that 's what the teacher says " teacher . "
And she said , " I used to take a profit , but I 'd never had to do it for them because they were going to be active . "
And then we talked about some of the fact : Number one : they 're focused on information , but the second : we do n't want to encourage handouts , especially right now .
And these lawyers need a lot of courage to decide that they 're going to get out of each other to make sure that the law is not just the law .
And I remember to remember 25 people who have 25 million people , and that woman stood up and said , " No , no , it 's not impossible to say that we do n't do it . "
But one of the things that came out there was a great job of a woman who was sitting across a house and she sat across a house .
She said she did see a guy running out , and she thought she was a little bit better , but the police had to come up and grab her .
And then she was pregnant . She had a lot of control , and unfortunately , unfortunately .
And when her first gave credit to judges , the judge stood up and said , " Well , there 's no other evidence that you 're going to be released . "
So our lawyer started to get these examples and they were doing it and then they had begun to change the history of Cambodia .
But it 's not just Cambodia .
And I thought , if only Cambodia ?
Or else else ?
There 's a lot of countries .
And I went into a prison school , and I was n't a 12 - year - old boy , but a eight - age boy who stole a cell phone arrest .
Or a woman ; I 'm holding her baby , really cute , and I said , " You 're really happy . "
It 's not a baby , she 's three years old .
And the mother told me , " Yeah , because because I was walking in the ' 60s ' " because the mom won two sheets of paper to win the family , it was still still in jail .
I find a prison superintendent saying , " You should put her out .
Judge Russell would release her . "
And he said , " Okay , well , we can do it , but look at the prison , 80 percent of the people in this room have no lawyer . What do we do ? "
And so our lawyer started to stand up with a system that was just following this case .
But what we find is not just the mere training of lawyer , but what their relationship is about their relationships .
For example , in Cambodia , people do n't have a prayer file , but there are 24 lawyer who can help him . And the same thing , they tell me , " We 've done it as a desert . "
In the lexicon , I reminded the pianist from a prison assignment , and everybody said , " I 'm here for a year or eight years , or maybe a lawyer or a dozen years or year , no lawyer -- " ... " ♫ ♫ Sobule : I 've been talking to the people , ♫ " because I hear that we 're going to have a lot to talk about , because we ca n't talk to people . "
And he said , " But I want you to understand that the lack of resources never never happened . "
And with this belief , he successful with a CEO lawyer , and these people were constantly forging forward .
And we found that the key thing was to train the opportunity to move the lawyer .
And I recently recently have a couple of other people in Egypt and another group of lawyers who tell me , " Look , we do n't have policemen in the street , and the police are actually one of the main reasons that they 're supposed to be a part of the revolution . "
And I said , " Well , there are thousands and thousands of dollars being used by developing laws .
What 's happening ? "
And I took a legal organization where they were training and Judge pilots , and this is what they usually do , not training .
They showed me a little toy that was great .
I said , " I want to do it . "
It covers all rules : lawyers are allowed to go to the police system .
It would be trained to get a trained trained .
And I said to them , " I 'm only one question to ask you , what 's going on in the workforce ? "
After a punishment they said , " They 're going to eat a little bit of fear . "
So the answer is not just to train lawyer , and it 's a way to find ways to ensure that they can connect to the lawyers , because they 're the system of defense to protect the people in the system .
And I 'm talking to you , I know it sounds like : " Oh , OK . Can you like to solve the problem ? Is it really ? "
It 's a lot of bad .
But I have a lot of reasons to believe it could be .
The first reason is that people do it in the ground , and they 're going to be creating magic because their beliefs and insisted .
It 's not just what I told you about , but it 's a lot of money from the world to find the answer to the answers .
We have a program called " Fête Are Crazy , " and we find a lot of people who have courage , but how do we support them ?
So there 's a online competition : incentives are 5,000 dollars , and if you want a creative position of power .
We have 30 " biologists " from the world , for example , in the World Trade Center , and the Congo River , which they use 5,000 dollars to get a tremendous achievement through their services , through the trains to train all kinds of ways .
And it 's not just the fractals , and we see people who are brave enough to promote things .
For example , in China , there 's this kind of legislation , and the police ca n't violate the guns , or they 're going to be <unk> .
And I sat in a very conversational lawyer , and I said , " What do we do ? How do you react to these laws ?
They 're all good . " He said to me , " Are you money ? " I said " No , and he said , ' Yeah , we can think of it . "
In April 4 , he organized 3,000 million people from 14 to 14 China , and they built their own self - organization to make these statements to the police system , started with the legal revolution in protecting the security revolution .
So I talked about what we need to train and support .
And we 're going to be able to ensure that we can adjust the lawyer immediately .
And the third thing is that we insist on this business .
People were always saying , " You know , this is really good , just perfect .
You ca n't do it . "
And I think this is interesting , it 's fun because it has been said that billions of people are decided to get rid of the winning , or Saddam Hussein .
Every time it was a small one , they decided they were able to maintain them .
Here 's one of our most favorite poetry that we most like , and they connect to each other and say , " Well , the friends of Allah , even though they 're not alone , but the ideas are n't alone . "
And I believe that if we 're able to unite the names of international society , not only lawyer , and the laws of the legal system , we can stop it .
And I know that people have a problem with me , and I 'm happy to give you a little bit of time -- I knew people would ask people , " What can I do ? "
And I 'll tell you , first of all , you know what you can do . Number two , I want to talk a little bit about the story of the baby , and he gives me my inspiration for the International Ultra Project .
And I saw that he was four years old , who was in a ravine in Cambodia , and he died because he had a prison for his prisons , so it was the only one who loved his prison to go through the recline and the people who were allowed to get out of the booms .
And you know , there 's a lot of fences coming out of the place , and his head is very large .
So when he fell down the first rail and the second , and then the third iteration , then he would move his head , he could go back and go again and went back to the next and second and he 'd like to get me out of the same day . He loved me .
Though he was n't able to read every single day , he really wanted to see all the <unk> prisoners , and I 'd put him up and he took his fingers into the little barbs .
And sometimes it 's a place where there is a lot of wind in the wind , and he throws the pen down to the wind .
And most of the prisoners said he was their biggest happiness , and they were expected to see him . I wanted to look at it .
There was no silver - old in prison , but he had one of the finalists for his hero , and I believe we were born . He said , " Maybe I ca n't do anything .
But it 's a force .
I can do it . "
So I 'm grateful for a better world to invite you to share with us .
Thank you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/greg_lynn_on_organic_design.html
Christopher Rick Warren was the exhibition of the New York Museum of Modern Art , and she wanted to be able to cross the world to see her understanding of design .
art , arts , culture , design , urban
<unk>
Christopher Mary : The design of design
And the people who are religious , they 're going to be heaven .
It 's a language that 's heaven and it 's all about curiosity .
And I think it 's a very uncomfortable thing to think of as a swarm maker , and I can use my stomach with my tummy pedal , just like I have a little bit of television on it , like my elbow .
And I would like to see where I looked at , and I could see the movie I wanted to see .
And sometimes you have the same feeling , like when you 're in New York , you can feel a little bit about the atmosphere of the subway .
Interestingly , from a way of looking at this , I 've got this kind of paradise , because I found it .
And of course I had to take a while to understand it , when I was at 24 , I found myself and art , and I decided I wanted to use it to be better .
In life , I was basically the state of the whole thing , and what I saw was just a long story .
To give you an example of that , 2004 was called " The Design Design " exhibition .
At the time we were in Queens . We built a big , massive , big building , so we 're in a very small , tiny , small volume .
And that 's one of the most interesting moments of my career .
But it 's not .
This is the front page of a life called the Personal Genome Project .
So I started thinking : Oprah and everything , all the Swiss designers tried to get rid of the dictionary , design a new kind of cathedral , and the movie has been on my head .
Of course , you can imagine , " The design design " is the same one .
And at the same time , I really want , the real purpose of this exhibition is that this is the exact same influence .
Narrator : The exhibition is supposed to be a way to think of what they 're doing .
When they were in their homes .
I 'd like them to go into the kitchen to look at an umbrella , or their mother , to do a museum , and do n't have two motors , instead of playing on the plate .
So everyone 's been making a sequel to the new " capitalist design , " and we put a lot of books in San Francisco , and it 's just just for people to see what they 're looking at .
And when you do this , normally , you get 80 percent of the advice that you 've got , and only 20 percent are really the real recommend , but almost all the recommend .
The Tasmanians were at the same time .
So , for example , I did n't know what the spike was invented , but they were very proud , and so they said , " You know , " " You ca n't invent the pizza . "
But what I 'd like to show you is that it 's a very good idea from Mali , and they 're not going to get the bed nets and the groom .
Further down , I just got this idea from the advice of San Francisco -- which is the transportation station , and we call it the <unk> , it 's a sagittal object . You know , the whole thing is applied to a very good concrete object to describe the continuity .
Now if you want your own work , you can send them to us , as long as you will .
But this exhibition asked me a little question about a question , and since I got to modern art , I started thinking about this problem .
I am 68 . In Italy , there 's design everywhere .
You know , people in different places are variable .
And I was in Argentina and Uruguay , and in these countries , there was a very nice modern way of modern life , which is the other area where the Netherlands is , but the contemporary art industry is very bad .
In Italy -- particularly at the top of the contemporary World Trade Center , there was no turning back .
But design -- my God !
You do n't have to go to the high clinics , you go into a corner store and find a lot of design that everybody thinks we 're so unpredictable .
It 's just something you find in the store .
New York City has another delusion in modern art .
I 've been quite surprised by this . The three - year - olds know who Richard Fowler is , and it will take you to the art exhibition .
But design , because some of the reasons , it 's not just enlightening a mess .
This is really interesting . When I mentioned " design " , a lot of people think this is a kind of Gothic design -- in this case , it 's actually solvable design , but cancels it off .
They were reminded by somebody who was chosen .
These are part of design , of course , but more design .
But it could be a design school in Jerusalem to find a better way to design it for people , because , you know , Israel is a male translation .
And so , what this design is doing is to find a way to reduce the gap , so it 's like teens like teenagers , rather than being diluted , but it 's not being diluted .
And the people like this were designed because babies could be supported by their parents because the body was so important .
And they can do a little tent .
It does n't matter how many of you think it 's a very , very good design , and it really is a great design . It 's not a matter of design .
And what I 'm trying to do is try to use the ability to take advantage of the use of bed nets , because it 's really great to work there , and you really have the capacity to get people to know your exhibit or to look at what you 're looking at .
And I know that 80 percent of it 's going to go and look at the Picasso and the Steinbeck system , and if they get to us , I 'm trying to get them out there and I 'm going to get them out there .
But what I 've been trying to do is have a lot of people who have been working on the museum at the University of Toronto , and it 's going to try to find what 's happening in the world and use it to make things better .
There 's a lot of examples . In fact , the fact that it might be a good example of sitting in the audience , but from his great granddad and his grandparents , oh , ♫ Oh , I always do n't know it 's too much to see this relationship , and Charles and Jill and Kevin Bigelow have been at the first time and then the second race of the <unk> -- and that 's what 's going on for the next ♫ ♫ Sweeney : In the case of <unk> , there is a game of
And that was a very low - cost design .
Narrator : A lot about the design of design and design is a kind of dynamic project .
So , I started doing this from 1977 , which is called " innovation " and the contemporary design of design .
And this is a new stage , and I think in the design industry , materials can be used by design .
And this brings me to a variety of design examples , for example , the height of California , and then these products began to get into the marketplace .
And at the same time , the dawn of Santa Barbara , " he composed these beautiful remnants of rice and pepper tubes .
So , you see , these design sites are very crowded .
Another example of this talk is a show called " Working Environment , " in which I asked different design of design , and the world is trying to get to the new rules .
What you see here is ARPA design .
Beautiful , it 's called " PC - Y . "
And the idea is assumption , if you have a little sticker , you can put a sky on your head , and you 've got your own voice in San Francisco , which is a very famous Italian song .
And the other one is Tolstoy . It 's about trying to work at work and work on work . My favorite design , I love , is how it works .
And this has to give me a very important idea about design , which is the world 's biggest synthetic family .
And what they 're doing is stirring human needs , and now in terms of economic materials , the same thing that 's going on in the economy , they end up with a problem , which is that if it 's good , it 's going to be a very good part .
And the very interesting thing is that it 's a good thing to do .
And the idea that she works -- you know , when everyone says , " You really need to fill the work apart . "
Instead , she said , " No , it 's not work . "
Really , Houston , that 's like a typical TV television in 2001 .
There are a lot of other activities , but I do n't want to just focus on my show .
Instead , I want to talk about some great design tricks .
And I 've always been fascinated by the word " guilty of the word " .
You know , 13 years ago I went to America , until today , I 'm asking , what does it mean ?
So , today , I was sleeping on the morning , and I told you that there was no guy on his cattle right there .
So he did n't have any other person . So , he was a <unk> .
So , the design of design really needs to be a kind of vegetarian , because design is a object , and the best way to do it is that when it 's never existed or believes that there 's no way that people have ever existed to believe that they have a new act .
So , " security is the last exhibition I did at the beginning of the year last year .
This exhibition is the design of security and protecting .
In the case , so it started in 2001 , and it was called " The Wealth of Pearl " .
And the 9/11 9/11 happened , and I could n't get rid of the exhibit and then I canceled the exhibition until again , until it went back and back , like the Open Street Film Festival , rather than the Grand Canyon .
Narrator : This is from the whole one - based device , and it turns out that this exhibition is extremely diverse .
And it also has , you know , I 'm connected together together with popcorn , and some of the things that you see on the website are actually showing up there .
What 's interesting about this is that we do n't have to discuss design and art . But design is the tool that uses it to make a view .
It 's an economic consciousness , and it 's a sense of humor .
This is a very beautiful design from South Africa .
This is a restaurant of a terrorist corrosion .
And the idea of design is that when you 're in the Houston store and defenses , the police are close to you , and you are wearing this empty box . It looks like a big heart , it 's a very big cardiac heart that you 've got on your heart -- and the policemen is actually reminded .
And you can imagine , when a group of people are wearing this kind of a rug , the collective stock rate will recline .
You know , design <unk> , and sometimes it does n't work a little bit , but they 're very useful to us .
Dusty and Dick , which is the design of the <unk> and the Tibetan Plateau , design design , the object that reflects our pain and our emotions , and it 's kind of like the same thing that you can do with the hull of your floor , so it does n't have a way to do it with you , but it can be completely , you know , a little bit of a piece that 's going to take you off the United States . And it allows me to keep it in the U.S. and then
But the interesting thing about exhibition is that the lambs is your self - awareness , and there are some of the designs that are working on this particular area .
So from the design of the Netherlands , the Design Street Film Festival is a series of new people in the Muslim woman .
You can make them ski , they do whatever they want to do , and do n't worry about self - conflict .
And when you do this , it works that you have a chance to find great design ideas .
It was a very young man , and I guess he could probably be 27 years old , by connecting with the psychologist , who made a series of toys to be used to their senses .
These toys are really great .
It 's kind of like the same thing that 's going to take you , and you have the lonely kids who love it to embrace , so that toys have springs and mirrors and so on .
Design is actually looking at the whole world .
Eventually , I spent a meeting meeting in Turkish meetings , and this is from " International Society . "
And what 's interesting about this is that I 'm final , and there 's a lot of people who are really talking about luxury luxury . I do n't want to be a person in a party , but I feel like I have to take a talk to the real world .
The truth is that luxury luxury is actually there 's a lot of luxury people who do n't have too much luxury people .
And to illustrate that , I 'll give you two examples , and they 're coming from economics .
This is , in Cameroon , a kind of loop - up bike - shaped toy , and this is what it does .
They 're very beautiful , but their beautiful steps come out of their design and the complexity .
Now , what 's going on here is the two brothers who come from Sao Paulo and Johnson Johnson , who are inspired by the poverty and the wisdom of the poor , and then making a lot of money to sell a lot of money .
And that 's exactly what the U.S. itself is .
Seriously , design is a fun thing , and it 's fun , as technology , when we get more and more , we 're going to have a lot of trust and the design of design .
Sometimes , designers will give you a little peek .
You see , this is a piece of furniture that takes you on your head .
And even if this chair is , you need to open up to sit on top of it , and it leaves your palm . It 's a series of things that are going to be done at the top .
His work from his work was made from the hairs of a hair called a chocolate set to chocolate , and you go to your lover 's toes and your lover 's toes .
It 's all beautiful because it 's a wonderful moment of design .
A couple of years ago , I heard a mathematician named Rush Intelligence , who explains that the innovation of innovation is the secret to innovation , and that innovation and the civil innovation are like two opposite points .
And this is the truth .
In the ' 70s , a lot of the things that are happening in the war , but in a society like this , you 've got to wrestle with no empty fences .
And when the peace came , all of these technologies were used by a wealthy market .
A lot of you have heard of Charles and Goldstein , which is a design chair , and it 's just one example , the power of the power , the power suddenly goes down .
And I think this is a weird time .
There 's a huge change happening in the first 25 years , like ours , and so I 'm not sure how much the uncertainty is .
But this is really a very important moment of design , not only to open source resources , and there are also kinds of ideas about carbon dioxide , but it 's not just about CO2 emissions and development -- and that 's what 's going on there .
And this is why design is more than more and more , to focus on the behavior of design , rather than information itself .
In particular , the great design of design is not to say all the design is so .
I want you to look at it , and the work is very , very boring .
He 's another one from French , who is the design of the pharmaceutical company , and he 's working with pharmaceutical companies , design new ways to make the disease really , especially the kids .
So , for example , this is a beautiful piece of drugs that you do when you 're making drugs , and it 's going to be automatically constructed .
And the other thing that 's going to take you is that it 's pleasurable to get you to participate in this particular rig .
In the same way , there are a lot of design things that try to get you to participate , and make all kinds of stuff from your mouth , so you can get all the stuff out of the way .
The next demonstration I 'm going to do is to show you a relationship between design and science , and I 've been talking about this .
And I 'm trying not to look at the metaphor , but it 's a matter of what 's going on : the common problem of dealing with the rest of the problem , and I think that this is going to be a way to get us to design the idea that the design is going to be a kind of instruction , it is not a form of representation , or it does n't have a set of instructions . "
And I hope that all of you can make it happen .
I 've been sending out some of you .
We can do it from a different level , and it 's going to be a very small kind of work , which is that it has to work from very little work , just to get a great and meaningful thing to do .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/al_gore_on_averting_climate_crisis.html
Cynthia Breazeal tells her stories and family stories , and why she started to report a job of parliament in Kenya .
Africa , activism , global issues , media , politics , technology
330
Cynthia Breazeal : A action executive
What 's the point of doing ?
I have to point out that I think it 's going to try to fill a lot of the rules , because I 'm gon na go and say something about it .
But I 'd like to try and do something different , trying to figure out what my personal personal story is about , and the new one 's new direction .
Well , Africa is an incredibly complex continent , and you can see what you see .
But it 's not just us .
You know , it 's amazing .
I mean , we need time to talk about the good story of this continent .
Think about it .
And this is what we 're talking about : the focus of the media is always focused on a negative news .
So why is this a problem ?
An ingenious story of catastrophic medicine is poor .
Some of you might like to say , well , you 're Harvard , and then all of a sudden you have a privilege to tell you , forget about the poor people .
Let 's focus on commercial and markets , or anything else that 's all stored , and there are thousands of Africans who really need to help ?
And I want to talk about my story .
That 's the story of a lot of Africans .
Let 's talk about poverty .
I 'm not growing up in the workforce , and I do n't know how bad it is , but you have to hire your family .
This is called a copy .
If you look at this home , there 's no way of looking at their hands .
Well , we have a chicken with a chicken .
Girl 1 : Well , we had a biography .
And as a matter of African family , my parents never got paid , because they had to help brothers and sisters , and their parents , the teachers , all the way .
When I was born , they realized that they had a beautiful kid , and they did n't want me to go to their schools .
They took a very interesting way of education , and they were going to get me to read a school where they could identify .
So they took me to a high school school , and that was the basis of my career .
What happened next ? And sometimes they sometimes have a lot of time , sometimes when I was in every semester in a semester 's school .
And you know , somebody 's taking a form to put it on top of the building , and the people who go to the table , when the parents get bad , you can get the school back until college .
I 've been thinking about why they 're supposed to read a cheap school .
You know , kids are very awkward and very sensitive to each other , and you do n't have money until we do n't have money .
But my parents kept doing this , and I kind of understood what they did .
Tell about corruption .
We have a high school in Kenya .
The Government School was the best schools .
My dream of my dreams was an African school school in Kenya .
I lost more than five .
And I was very surprised to do what I would do .
My dad said , okay .
Let 's try and talk to Josh .
Five years later , and if there 's a parachute , maybe she might get you into .
So we went to school because we were just a principal , because it was because of our father , the first one of my father .
I sat down , and I hear that little guy who said you think you 're chosen .
And if you think you can get that tide , it 's fun .
And if I had to work with those of these members , the girls were very losing .
And the worst of these people saw their father 's father was screaming .
And then we left , and I swear to myself that I 'd never had anything to do with anything else .
Two weeks later , school called me , and they said , " You know , you can go . ♫ Sweeney : Yeah .
Last story .
It 's about disease .
His father had HIV in 1999 .
And he never touched him and told him about AIDS , and he was scared of his feelings .
And that 's what I 'm trying to do .
When I was in America , they called me sick , and it was his first time .
He had to have a double - day checklist .
So I went out and looked at the song , and I was looking at the tooling .
Because the older physicians ca n't tell us what 's going on .
They 're like , you know , it 's a long time .
When I was online , I had a sense of thinking about this disease .
For the first time , he interrupted .
But he needed a pharmaceutical treatment at the United States , and the U.S. was used to treat fungi , to sell 30 dollars .
He uses that pill 's moving down and down .
You know , money is lost .
He 's sick .
And at that time , he had a friend in India , and he could give his father a little bit of a cup .
And it brought his father up .
But the money breaks down .
His disease goes down , he 's a Friday .
There was only one bank in Kenya , and we had no money , but we did n't have cash , the whole family had never had a promotion to pay for their father .
The hospital took me out for three days .
Finally , we decided , well we tried to send him to the sanitarium .
And at least he could get a cure when we tried to make money .
He died , and he was overwhelmed with his hospital .
Okay , imagine , you know all about me .
How do you see me ?
Compassion , empathy .
So this is what you think about Africa .
This brings out harm .
You do n't understand my other side .
You ca n't see the blog , you do n't know if I was married to Harvard .
I just wanted to give African images more specialization .
Because we often use the big idea of Africans and all the Africans , and what do you think ?
But it 's a very tricky story .
I 'm not the only one .
Imagine if you know William 's village grows in a poor village .
And you do n't know the horizon .
I was just moved .
I was crying at his talk .
And he was like , I did . I succeeded .
I think Nike should hire him , " I want to do it . "
That 's what I 'd like to talk about .
And if you 're focused on one person , unfortunately , we probably miss his potential .
So what should it do ?
First African , we should have a better story .
We heard something yesterday .
We can write them out today .
You know what the blogging says is .
This is the Open African blog , which is in South Africa .
So we need to be better .
If no one 's ever told us , we talk about our story .
And I 'd like to go back to this , and I wanted to say , " Steven 's engineering Wikipedia . "
And Rick Warren is a country in Africa .
It 's only five .
Four men are white men , and they 're not the Grand Canyon .
There 's another one , and if you stand up here , he 's the first one in Tanzania , and the first one is the dawn of the Christopher Man , the Great Rover , " The poorest Album . "
He 's the only one in Africa .
People were n't allowed to complain about why the Westerners were doing this .
What are we doing ?
What 's the other population ?
Why do n't we draw content ?
Just not enough , we need to act .
Allan posts on the blogs of Africa to come to Africa
It 's a little bit of a play we 've heard about .
They were the Cheetah .
This is an appointment .
Eight - eight visitors , we do n't get more attention .
Yes , you do n't have it .
But I 'd like to say it 's not just criticism .
Do I struggle with people who are growing up in the Diaspora , and I 'm supposed to be able to do it ?
action .
Africa needs you .
And this is not enough to emphasize .
I came from one of the greatest companies in the Himalayas , and I 'm going to get a Ph.D. at the top of the city of Commerce .
In two months , or three months of income , there was a high income that could solve a lot of problems in my family .
But I 've been in trouble because my passion is here because I want to be inspired .
Because here it is .
Using Harvard 's titles , I 'm probably likely to be able to get a lot of incentives because they 're doing all kinds of things .
Partly , one of the reasons is that I 'm trying to get my work out .
But here 's a need .
Most of my time , I spent a lot of money working on the tooling of South Africa .
We 're going to live in East Africa .
We provide business for business management management and delivery cables .
I built a project in Kenya , and what we did was to track the role of Kenya .
My partner with Brunel , the high - tech blog , creates the blog Corporation .
This year I spent 20 dollars .
The rest of the other day is the love of love .
We 're almost blind to input all the data .
You can find all the discoveries of the Caribbean in Congress asking their questions .
The website has figs functions , and people can ask candidates .
Some journeyed to this project , and they answer the question .
We built this program because we were tired of accepting our politicians .
I believe that accountability comes from demand .
You 're not going to be a good one .
We Africans need to challenge our leaders .
What are they doing ?
They do n't change anything .
So we need new policy , and where does it require ?
Another thing is that leaders are our social reflection .
We talked about Africa as they fall from Mars to Mars .
In fact , they come from our chromosomes .
What if the leader leadership is ?
How do we change ?
So bed nets are a way we think we can try to make a leader that will help them .
What can we do ?
I believe that the power of evil .
I believe in sharing knowledge .
And I want to ask you to leave everything that 's going on here and to save the new ideas because it 's very important .
And one of the things I wanted to encourage you to do is preserve self - interest .
I talked about what Africa has to do .
People are like , if you do n't help me as an enemy , I can do what ?
When I talk about my ideas , they jump back .
To give me some help , I could do it .
This is not easy .
And sometimes you have a colleague or a businessman , and it 's sometimes very important , especially in Africa because there 's a lot of help people who have helped him .
In fact , when I was at the law school , my mom was busy , and I hired her business , and so I hired her .
My sister was struggling with a bi - cry .
And I also helped her .
And I was very smart , and she really was smart .
And I took it to her .
And one of my mentors died in AIDS , and his kids turned into the <unk> .
She 's my kids right now .
Because they give me a chance to help them .
So do n't underestimate that .
For example , a man changed my life .
He was a professor , and he worked on the workforce .
When I was graduate in college , I was raging .
Because he was able to get Harvard to Harvard because he took care of me .
And I came up with his <unk> , and he found it too much for me , which was not very common in the United States .
He called me in his office and asked me what you wanted to do .
I said I wanted a lawyer .
He asked why America did n't have a lawyer .
♫ Sobule : I 'm going to give you ideas , but it 's like , well , even though I do n't know how to do it , I 'm a leader of a political science .
Let 's find what I need to do . What do you do ? What I need to do ?
Why do you go there ?
For me , that was , in college , I read a little bit of a university in the University of Utah and in Kenya .
So I created a tractor fan .
And he asked why , he said , " You know , you have enough enough conditions .
I 'm here because there are cheap and I like to do it .
This may be the reason I 've been hearing the most stupid thing .
He helped me .
He said I could go into Harvard and said , " Okay enough .
If Harvard did n't give me , they were wrong .
It was his help .
So this is a good example .
You can see some of the most important people here .
We need a force .
To go into the next stage , I need a force .
Essentially , I 'm going to end up with a conversation about Africa .
A gentleman told us that we had to leave Africa to go to the future of their own future .
My vision is that my daughters and other kids are born as people who are going to be what they want to do .
They 're probably going to go beyond the environment .
This is the U.S. Americans think .
It 's not a good environment , and you can do it .
Just because they 're in the village , they do n't change what you 're going to be in .
For most African Africans , where you live , or if you 're born in the environment , how you decide about your future ?
I want to see these changes and these change from us .
As Africans , we need to be responsible for our Africa .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/steven_strogatz_on_sync.html
And it turns out that one of the most important things about death is that it 's completely clear -- because the reason is , but the traditional level of tests can be lowered by a very slow - and - slow process , and at this point , TED Fellow Friedman shows him how a simple piece of blood vessels and his team has to develop a kind of simple , controlled blood cell .
AI , medicine , poverty , technology
<unk>
Marco Tempest : The blood vessels of angiogenesis
I like building things .
I 've been like that .
And I spent a company in Hong Kong -- this company , my doctor and the engineers , and it 's called a new technology called the Personal Genome Project , which can determine the destruction of the blood .
And I believe that this is going to be the case of modern us .
It sounds like a cow , and I do n't know .
In 2009 , what 's happening in 2009 ?
I do n't know what happens .
And I was actually trying to try and enrich the street , and I did n't have a lot of money to work on the blood test , where I 'm studying Wikipedia and how it works -- how to make a system of high - performing products .
And I was building a thing called " Winky Hour , " and I 'm in MIT called the Personal Cities Lab .
I 'm very happy to go back to one of my trips to sit at Mumbai .
So I was planning a road traveling .
I went to one of these two hours in Bombay , where the city was called the Personal Ocean .
My friend Bank , Las Vegas , was working here .
He 's a doctor .
This is a picture of his father .
I was waiting for Australia in a moment .
He was in places where he was flying .
When I was finally , I realized he was very happy .
And he told me that the two Rovers , the mothers and children died .
And the reason is -- he told me -- a situation called the Personal Genome Project .
He said that it 's actually a huge amount of money .
What I really 'm really surprised about this is that he 's completely overwhelmed by a diagnosis of diagnosis .
It 's a engineers right now -- I know -- completely not a deadly disease .
It 's known as well .
For example , like <unk> , or macular degeneration -- these cheap treatments are completely controlled .
So why would this woman die ?
It 's completely unacceptable .
And there 's a place where it 's going to be a medical center , and there is a medicine center at the top of the chair .
This is totally addictive .
I think there 's certainly a way to stop the game .
My mother was an impostor .
And she told me a lot about that .
And then I want to collect blood vessels and put blood on a piece of time and make a test .
This is a value machine that 's only in Mumbai .
And I guess that most of the most part of Europe is in Europe .
But he did n't have this device .
And the thing that 's going on , and I mean , I 'm saying , " Well , what 's going on here ? "
This is really difficult for me -- I like to make a difference . I want to take this stuff out .
One of my engineers , with three doctors Abu Abu , had joined this team -- he wanted to solve this .
And from now to me , we get about 10 people , because it 's completely unsolved .
Now let 's go back to the Rift Valley .
You see this woman here , and she 's a nurse .
They call them bastards .
And every village needs this one , and they need to be a member of this guy , and they need to do it .
And she was the center of the system of the system .
Narrator : The public public is the following , and it 's not the doctor 's doctors .
We know we need to design a thing that she could use .
We know that this stuff needs to be function .
We know that it does n't have a buttons or dials , and it 's not going to be a medical defense cream and so on .
It 's very simple , easier to do it , to do it .
And the third thing is that the nurses can put it in a railway station .
And because she 's going to move through a couple of villages .
We thought we should make this stuff and then we built it .
But it 's bad .
And then we built it again .
We built 32 times .
But I 'm very excited to tell you that last year , it 's very good .
I 'm in the jungle .
This little device is called the Personal Genome Survey .
What it 's doing is test my blood vessels , oxygen and rice .
And I put it in the Himalayas , and I waited to wait for about 20 seconds , it 's going to be shown in this little screen .
This is going to help the mosquito - ups .
Let me just spool you a little bit about how it works .
You might have seen this kind of stuff .
In fact , there are three layers of light , three different light bulbs .
We actually make these light through our tissues , and then the amount of light that we 're going to use , which is , by the way , are reducing the destruction of the blood vessels .
And the upshot of this is based on a technology that 's called a technological change .
In fact , we 're very interested in using this human body technology , and it 's very interest in the future of our future .
One of the things that works in this technology is that , in one of my daughters , a mobile phone , that 's what I 've done for a second .
We have a lot of fun stuff .
I 'm happy to talk about you .
But this map of mine is called the Interstitial Fragment Environment .
It 's a world of death within the world .
You 'll notice that these are the high death points -- Asia and Africa .
My business plan is easy .
I 'm going to sell them to every medical clinic in the world .
This is , of course , my plan .
When I was approaching this goal in 2020 , when the World Health Organization was released , this map would be a new area .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/tim_brown_urges_designers_to_think_big.html
Slim - bodied , it 's the secret of a lot of <unk> , and in the talk about vulnerability to fragile speech , the offspring of the speech is going to go back to what happens when people talk to each other . Words talk and vulnerability .
brain , culture , psychology , self
<unk>
Sirena Brown : Take a spear .
Let me tell you a little bit about my TEDx talk .
And at the end of the speech , I had the worst of all time in my life .
And I had three days .
The first one came out of the way to meet lunch .
When I was walking , she was in hiding .
And I sat down , and she said , " Oh my God , you look pretty much . "
I said , " Thank you , I do n't think it 's normal . "
And she said , " What ? "
And I said , " I just told you about 500 people , and I 'm becoming a researcher of vulnerability .
And when my data shows that it 's all about the basis of life , I tell this about 500 people I lost .
There was a slide taken out of dengue .
What 's the good idea ? "
And then she said , " I looked at your talk .
You know .
It 's a little different than you are .
It 's great . "
And I said , I 've got to stop this .
On YouTube , they 'd put it on YouTube .
That 's what 's 600 people .
And she said , " Well , I look at the tooling . "
And I said , " Come on .
She said , " Okay . "
And I said , " Do you remember in college especially nuts ? "
And she said , " Well remember . "
So I said , " But remember we have a very bad time to get a very bad one .
And then we had to get rid of the trajectory of his greeting , and then we put it into this . "
And she said , " Huh . Never remember . "
So , of course , I would say , " Oh , neither am I .
And that 's what -- I do n't have a word . "
And I said to myself , " What do you do ? What are you doing ? Do you ?
How would you say this ? Do you get up the head ?
Your sisters is perfect . "
And if I look at it , and she said , " You do n't really want to think about it in the way that they 're going to get to YouTube ? "
I said , " I 'm just one of these . "
And she said , " You 're the worst of all time . "
And then I looked at her and she said something a little bit like this , and it looked like a bit more design .
And I said , if it 's 1,000 or 2,000 , I die .
I had a long time in my life , and I was a little bit of a <unk> .
So my life turned out .
And the most difficult thing is that I found that part of myself , which is : I do n't know if I could n't relate my work to the public and the other side , and I 'm really hard to do it , hidden in public terms .
But I 'd like to talk about that .
I learned two things in the last year .
The first thing is that vulnerability is not a priority .
And this wrong is really dangerous .
And I 'd like to take you to the point of view -- give you a remind , as an ad - trained partner , and I know you 're going to feel that you can feel a little bit about it -- so you 've got a long time in your hands , so how many of you are doing it , you know , how are you doing this ?
How many people think that vulnerability and optimism is a thing ?
Most people .
Now we 're asking : How many of you have this week in TED , where are you going to see this fragile ?
Self - resilience is not the driver .
I define fractals : the risk of emotion , the wisdom , and the uncertainty .
It drives our daily lives .
And I 've been doing this kind of faith -- I have been studying this research -- that is , it 's the most precise measure of our courage -- to keep vulnerable , open self - awareness .
And one of the odd things about this talk is that , after TED , I 've got a lot of questions around the country to go through the world to the World Trade Organization .
A lot of them are like , " Hey , Doc , we like your TED speech .
We want to invite you to go ahead .
But one thing that I want you to do is not to mention vulnerability or celebrity . "
So what would you like to tell me ?
Three main answers .
And the general thing about this is that it 's a business of business , and it 's created and changing .
So let me give you a couple of sentences here : fragile , and create and change .
It 's just to create something that has never seen before .
Nothing 's more vulnerable than this .
Self - change is all about vulnerability and vulnerability .
And the second thing that 's very hard to understand is that the relationship between fractals and courage , I 've learned : We have to talk about it .
I 'm very excited to you .
And when I became an expert researcher , and because of that TED TEDTalk , I 'm not in kidding .
So I 'll give you one example .
About about three months ago , when I was in a sports salon , the parents bought the stuff of the kids .
From about 100 feet , I hear a voice : " The clash ! TED ! "
I 'm the founder of the celebrity .
Our family soup is : " Maestro currency , " ready to fight . "
I 'm not just to study vulnerability .
So I just walked out of this , and she was walking around my six directions .
And I heard , " fragile TED ! "
And I said , " Psst . "
And she was here , and she said , " You 're the dawn of the hairs . "
And the parents do their kids all their time .
" Look . "
And this time I 'd been so far , I looked at her , and I said , " I 'm here , that 's a soul 's race . "
And then she looked at me , and she said , " Yes . "
And then she said , " We 're reading your TED talk .
And then I read your book , and we called ourselves up called " Window - barrels " and she said , " Our point is : " We 're going to think of it and it feels great . "
So when I became a skeptic , like a toy writer , it was just my nickname TED , and I thought , I 'm going to get rid of it because it 's just time to talk about vulnerability and writing about vulnerability .
I thought , " Well , Emeka , because it 's a horrible subject , nobody wants to talk about it .
This is the best way to get the airplane out of the airplane .
" What do you do ? " I 'm learning " " Oh ! "
And I 'll show you .
But at the end of the year , I was struck by a fundamental rule to remind -- not to do research , but based on what I 've been in education -- you just had the headrest there , and you had the headrest there .
I 'm not studying the vulnerability of vulnerability and to create courage and innovation and vulnerability .
I learned this by studying anthropology .
So I wanted to take you into the chaos .
Jung , Idris , is called the soul of the soul .
And we 're going to go into it .
It 's not to get into a house to get to the house .
It 's on top of a car , and it 's looking for it .
It 's because it 's because it 's because it 's because it 's because it 's because of that .
We 've been hearing most of the most important controversy about this country , and I think it 's all around the world , right ?
Right ? We heard .
Right ?
And I do n't want to talk to you about the conversation , because it does n't talk about race .
When people talk about the privilege , they 're submerged .
We heard a very simple approach to the patients that reduce patients in surgery , which is to be a good list .
It does n't make any sense , because when they teach people how they can remove their self - esteem , they also teach them how to decorate themselves .
And the people who do n't need the top list .
And here I have to write the name of TED and the name of the TED Prize to prevent the mistakes .
Marco Tempest wants me to cry for me .
And here 's the first day I met TED at TED .
He stood up and explained what he wanted to make a little bit of an application - making technology to prevent the patients .
He said , " I saw this .
What do you guess ? I made a statement . "
And the whole thing happened , " Nice ! "
And he said , " But it does n't use it . "
And then I tried 32 speed , and it turned out . "
Do you know what the biggest secret is ?
I want to tell you that .
I 'm talking now .
This is like a chef meeting .
No , it 's .
Why is this wonderful ?
Because it 's almost impossible to fear failure .
And there was no person on this stage , and I knew it was a loss of failure .
I had a long time ago , and I was very long .
And I think most people do n't understand the truth .
Last year , this will take a great help for me from Mali .
A lot of people make it quote " Men . "
It 's this : " Love does n't have the critics .
It 's not the people who sit in front of a really good job of sitting in front of it .
To honor men and men , his face was dust , and Teller and <unk> .
But when he was standing in the Houston store , he would win the way he could win , and he 'd failed to fail , but as he lost it , it was so tortured to death . "
And this is what it meant to me .
The meaning of life , about fear , is about standing up .
And when you walk on the door , you put it in front of you , and you say , " I 'm going to be doing this , I want to do this . " ♫ Oh , oh , oh , hey , ooh , you know , " Oh !
You 're not very good .
You 've never got a promotion . You leave your wife .
I know that your dad is not in a new new way .
I know what you 're going to do .
You know , I know you 're not really beautiful or not enough to be very smart or too smart .
I know even if you really have the queen , you never care about it . "
This is how it works .
And if we were able to go out and go and say , " I 'm going to do this thing " we 'll see the first thing that we 're looking at , and 99 percent of the time ?
It 's our own .
And the pilot 's always played this two -- " Never good , " and , if you can cross this one , say , ' Who are you ? "
What you need to understand is that it 's not a bad thing .
Local care is focused on self - interest .
" I 'm not " bad . "
The bad news is , " I do terrible things . "
How many of you in this room are , if you do some harm , I would like to say , " Thank you , to have a mistake ? "
How many people would like to say that ?
Interviewer : Sorry , I 'm not a mistake .
SS : Sorry , I 'm a mistake .
There 's a huge difference between what 's wrong and bad .
You need to know that .
This is a high - performance device that 's related to this behavior , depression , violence , destruction , suicide , diet .
It 's more to know .
The bad news is the opposite .
With something that we 've been working on , and the wrong thing to do is we can do this as well as possible .
It does n't work very comfortably , but it can differentiate .
Another thing about rodents is that it 's completely politically dynamic .
When the hurricane sank , my wife and Chris were the same .
Everybody knows what it is .
And we can say that the only person that we ca n't do is not to build the relationship or no person 's people .
I mean , I have a little bit of this ; no , I 'm just following it .
So I thought , well , you have a bit of chaos .
It 's the same to men and women , but it 's a different way of dealing with gender .
For women , I think the best example of that is that the ad is a telephone , and I can put it on a phone phone and nail your hands on the face of five to nine to 150 .
And I could go home and put it in the freezer , and take it to the door and keep the dignity of your men . "
For women , for the sake of the woman , the plumbers are not going to get people to cry for your erasing .
I do n't know how much it 's selling , but I assure you , I have a lot of antidepressants and a pharmaceutical drug .
In the way , for women , to the woman , is a very , very low - power , conflict - blowing network of the ideal act .
It 's a <unk> .
For men , the men are not a series of aspirations .
What 's the same thing ? Do n't be thought ?
Chemical forces .
I studied four years before I study .
At the end of a book , a man looked at me and said , " I hear what you 're talking about , I 'm curious about why you 're not talking about men . "
I said , " I do n't study men . "
And he said , " It 's really a sin . "
And I said , " Why ? "
And he said , " Because you 're going to go out and talk about your own experience , not a vulnerability .
But what do you see here ? Do you just give me my wife and three kids ? "
I said , " Well , "
" They 're going to be looking at me as dead as the dead duck , and I do n't want to see myself .
When we go out and show it , we 're throwaways .
And I 'm going to tell you that it 's a marriage ♫ ♫ The men are doing this , because my women are right . "
So I started interviewing men to ask questions .
And what I learned was : if you could find this woman , she really could get the men who were being exposed to a vulnerable man and fear , and I could take you to work with the women .
And if you could get me out of this guy , he could be used in a line that had been close to the line , and the woman would never be able to lose , " My first response was not : " I put it all together , but he was really listening to that -- because that 's what we need to do .
It 's a pandemic in our culture .
And in order to find this dilemma , finding the search for each other , we need to understand how it affects us and how we can influence the way we educate our kids , work to look at other ways .
It 's very , very quickly to share with you a little bit about the stock ward .
And he asked a question : How do you do that ?
And in a few of the best answers in this country : Good , ultra - wrinkle , and using some resources to do it .
And when he asked men that the men had to do this kind of criteria , the answer was to be a criteria of a standard man , and it was the first time , to work and the violence .
And if we want to find the search for each other , we 've got to know and understand how experts , because accountability is the antidote to priority .
If you put it into the bed , it needs three things to breed : the wrong , silent , and the <unk> .
And if you put the same amount of money in the middle , it 's not going to survive , and it wo n't survive .
In the statistically three - dimensional number , I am .
So I want to leave you with this .
If we wanted to find a way to get each other , it would be the right path to switch .
I know standing outside the street because I think I 've been doing it all over my lifetime , and I said to myself , I 'm going to scare someone 's rear - and - a - half years .
And this is spreading .
But it never happens .
And even though you 're doing perfect things like this , and then you put it into a device , it 's not what you want to see .
We hope you 're in .
We wanted to do it with you and you face .
We just wanted to , for us , who we care about , and the people who are being treated with us and we are going to be against us .
Thank you very much . Really happy .
http://www.ted.com/talks/robert_full_on_engineering_and_evolution.html
A lot of robots can fly -- but no one can really get a recipe like a bird 's nest , and until Steve Jurvetson and his team at the end of the Cold War , it 's a big , the big one , which is a large , high - speed robot that 's going to fly on the board . Look at how it goes on the board .
animals , biomechanics , consumerism , design , robots , technology
<unk>
Think of the robot like tomato sauce .
It 's a dream like a bird .
Birds get agile .
They do n't have to go to CRP 2012 , as long as the wings fly .
So the Earth 's bird , and try to build a model that has to go to the model and have a very good air dynamic to get the ability to really get real control .
So what kind of logical to design is that this bird is going to be free and clean , and we choose that it 's a lot of this .
So we built a team .
And there are a lot of these scaling dynamics that have been built in the field , and they have the same strategy in the process of making experts .
Our mission is to build a model that extends inside the surface , can fly your head .
So a few days later .
But it 's a problem : How do you take it to a very high - speed surface , if it does n't get a long time .
Why should we do this ?
We 're a company that we 're dealing with , and I 'm going to use a very high - power structure because it 's more energy , but we also want to understand more of the gas and the currents .
Now , I want you to take your seat a little bit of a helmet , OK ?
Let 's try a smart bird .
Thank you .
Now we can get smart birds .
So here 's a piece of wire .
It 's about half a second .
It 's about six to six . It 's only 450 Warren .
It 's all about <unk> materials .
There 's a motor in the middle , and the gears structure . We use the wheel to turn the motors .
The motor sensors have three sensors , so we know the speed of the wing .
And if you get the wings down .
And then we could make it like a bird .
It 's a huge amount of time when it hits it , and it 's not very big when the wings are too big , so it is a little easier .
So one thing , or the next challenge is how we react to this movement .
We have to make it solemn .
We liaised by divide .
And by the way , through the open - source design process , it took it to the top of the house , and the wheel goes down .
Meanwhile , we know how to deal with the air - induced disaster .
We have to implement the dynamic dynamic and then we can calculate the air trail .
So , from passive forces into active forces , its 96 is from 30 to 80 percent .
The next thing we 're going to do is to control and adjust the structure .
It 's only control and adjust the air , and it 's going to be predicted to be predicted .
So the whole pile is about 25 million flights to 16 flights .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Oprah : I 'm not going to show you a few days .
Clay Shirky : Of course .
http://www.ted.com/talks/burt_rutan_sees_the_future_of_space.html
In general India , the equivalent of the visual health care industry has given the light to get the bright bright to the cost of innovation , and it 's going to be a very low - speed increase in innovation that allows us to think about it , but it can be very profound for us .
design , healthcare , health care , humanity , medicine , technology
<unk>
Joshua Prince : The low - tech choices of the world
Namaste . Good morning .
Let me just share a lot of you that can get people out of suffering .
This is the story of Dr. Seuss .
And his goal and his ability to put signals from the Houston care system .
And I think the most important thing is , we realize that blindness means blindness .
Woman : When I went to work , and everyone said , " Can everyone say that we 're going to be a little girl ? "
I ca n't wait to do it , I ca n't see my hair .
If a ant hits me , I ca n't see it .
Steve Jurvetson makes the beans : No , but I think it 's too much to hold a human life , and their dignity , their parents , they 're in their family .
She 's just one of thousands of blind blind .
And ironically is they can avoid blind .
A simple surgery can be possible to get tens of thousands of people , or more simple , a little tray , and you can get more people to see .
If you look at who all of you who are in charge of this room , if you take a ticket and make your own productivity , then fifth percent of India needs to look at the health care , the number two .
Now , we ca n't wait for 10 percent of them .
So this is a challenge for 30 years ago , and this hospital was a calendar of Dr. Seuss .
He 's very happy .
He spent time for his entire life .
Now , we 've developed five hospitals in the workforce , and we 're going to be building a little bit of a place and then we put some of the things that we call the eye center , so we build the core model .
In the last few years we 've been working in other places in the country , and the rest of the world is going to be a little bit more noisy .
In 30 years , we did 35 million surgeries , mostly poor people .
Now we 'll do early trials every year .
And this is a day in Hong Kong , and we 're going to do it about half a surgical checklist , which is about 6,000 patients , where the patients go back to the hospital and take a lot of leverage , the most important thing is , there 's lots of training , most of the people who are in the future and the physicians are the doctors .
It takes a lot of time to work every day , and this is going to be powerful and profitable .
And I wanted to be able to do this , and I want to thank you very much for TED . He built a value system , a very productive surgery , which inspired a culture of innovation .
E : I usually sit with a regular boat , because I 'm standing from the tooling , and suddenly suddenly you look at his inner communication , you kind of like him .
It looks like a soul that has all of confidence .
Dr. Mossadegh , whatever you say , I 'll be scared .
One is your confidence in your body and then you respond to this confidence .
One of the women 's women had a lot of faith for me , and I had to do it for her .
When we have an appointment dynamic environment , we 'll be able to define our world , so there 's no exchange .
The choice is ourselves .
This is what we call ourselves .
This is helping us to create a very moral and sustainable system for patients and a support system .
But during the process , you have to be able to get very effective to do this service , but a lot of people are amazed .
JH : See , Lynn is simple .
They thought they could train people all over the world , regardless of different religions , culture , and all sorts of things , to create a product for the same way and build a product in the same way .
Larry Page : He 's talked about this -- he 's talking about McDonald 's and hamburgers , and it 's all a lot of time .
He wanted to create a dynamic , a healthy health care system .
JH : Assuming I could offer vision , technology , method , in the same way , can work anywhere in the world .
It 's not a problem .
JA : If you think about it , I think the game is the same , whether American Americans are still Africans , the same thing .
In different words , the quality and service of the service is the foundation of our design system .
And of course , our challenge is that we talk about the patient 's patients , but our resources are very , very small , and we ca n't afford it to be a tremendous challenge .
So , we have to be creative .
One of the early innovations of innovation is that it 's a community that 's in the community to create a pathogen , and then let them go like a partner to go and get this one .
And here 's a community that 's been built in community community , where they find their own self - organizing , organized volunteers , and then we 're going to do what we should do , which is to test their eyes , the doctors can find the problem , or they 're looking at what 's going on .
And then , with all the results , doctors do the final diagnostic , and then spray , if they need a king , they can get , normally , usually in tree .
But they can choose , and it 's important because I think the lens can help people to see , but also a fashion file , they 're willing to go to this .
So , they could get a king of glasses in 20 minutes , but for those of you who need surgery , you would sit at the bus of the car , to the hospital , to our hospital .
And if you do n't have this kind of transport and support , a lot of people would n't get this service , of course , when they need it .
And they 'll get surgery in the next few days , and they 're going to get a long time and then they go back the bus back to the places where they are waiting for their family and they 're waiting for their family .
This happens every year .
Maybe we have a lot of patients who are very excited , and a very efficient process , but what are we looking at ?
We 've done a design program , and it turns out that it 's very frustrating that we 've got seven percent of what we 're just going to have to help .
So we tried a bunch of different things , so we 've got a lot of the visual health industry and the eye centers of the eye .
This is an actual office that 's all using the electronic medical device .
They 'll get a full medical practice .
We made a simple digital camera with a laser camera , and every patient would have a doctor - controlled strike .
In the year year , our services are about 40 percent of the population of 40 million people .
And then the last year is 75 .
And I think we 've got a process that we have to offer a service that needs to serve , and it uses technology to use technology , to ensure that most people do n't have to go to hospitals .
Yet , what do they require ?
And every time the price was fixed , it killed a bus in the city of a car , and they had to pay 20 million dollars , that would pay for three more awards .
Another challenge is , how can we make advanced advanced treatments better ?
We 've been designed by using the network of the satellite network that will take the patient 's images to the hospital , and then in patients waiting at the same time , it 's going to go back to patients , print it , printing them and get them to see what they 're doing , then the patients have to get the information that they need to take over half a doctor .
So all of these impacts are one of the basic factors , because it 's focused on non - user , and then reaches the market and we can make a very significant market .
On the other hand , what happens when the hospital is doing a very small amount of money ?
So what this video shows is a surgical operation , and you can see in the other room , another patient is ready .
So , when they do surgery , they 'll move the microscope to the other side of the room , and we have to do this , because , you know , what we do is we can do it .
So , to support surgery , I bought the workforce .
We hire girls , and they brought the whole institution .
They 're just doing all sorts of techniques .
They were very happy . They were very good .
And it turns out that our cost is very low , but quality and efficiency is very high .
So , very quickly , the fact is that we take a lot of efficiency than anyone else .
This is a very busy table , but what it is , is that we have a system that 's safe to be safe for the quality of the mass .
And it turns out that our complications is going to continue far faster than London , and you 're very small .
So the final step is , how do we ensure that the money is working ? You know , we ca n't afford the cost of the patient !
And what we 're doing is that many of us are free , for those who have the ability to pay for the money , the price of the local markets , usually less than that .
We were in the middle of the market to help .
I think it 's our celebrity .
And of course , one of the people who had to be able to get an idea of being able to give out .
And it turns out that , in the last decade , our spending increases very dramatically in progress .
Our income is more sophisticated than growing , so we can ensure that there is healthy , because we need to have free patients for a lot of patients .
From absolutely absolute numbers , last year we made about 2,000 dollars , and we took 1,300 dollars more than 35 million dollars .
But it means we 're going to go beyond what we do , or we 've done , if you really want to solve the problem .
So we did something a little bit stiff .
We created a lot of competition to our own , so that the price of choice is more likely to take more and more people to enjoy this .
We work with a lot of hospitals in India , so many of the hospitals are in our own sphere , and there are other places in the world .
And the upshot of that is that the teams that we provide , they doubled their surgical treadmill .
The other part is that you do this in terms of technology consumption ?
We did n't talk about a price that could be able to swapped out , and we took our own convergence .
And so , after a time , we have the ability to reduce the amount of spending that we 're beginning to get into the two Rovers .
Now , we believe that we have seven percent of the global market , in about 120 countries .
So , what I 'd like to say is , is that we 're going to take this model , or it 's just to keep it in India or other developing countries ?
In order to express this , we compare the risks of England and the advertisers .
And this shows what we 're doing at 60 times the size of the U.K. , and the whole country has 50 million dollars .
We were ancient .
And we trained about 50 million people who train 70 , trained to train the quality of their patients , and the quality of patients .
We really are using apple apples .
We looked at consumption .
So , what I 'd like to say is that it did n't work because it was successful in India .
I think there are more .
I mean , I want to look at other aspects .
Maybe the way it 's going to be manufacturing , maybe in business , in the process of marketing , or in a clinic or on the course of they can afford to pay off the camera or be in practice .
So , I 'd like to convince you that maybe most of the American countries have the answer to the United States , maybe Jim Obama .
Another point , which is , I want to leave you , when the problem is really big when it 's the case of the economy , and when we have a good approach , what I think I 've been talking about is that , you know , that the process , the quality of your mind , is the patient , a lot of patients .
You can use rabbits , hearing , paralysis , etc .
And a lot of these examples can be done , but I think the most challenging thing is in software .
Now , how do you create this ?
Now , how do you get people to get a problem ?
That 's a harder problem .
I 'm sure somebody 's going to find the answer .
So I wanted to end with this question and challenge this talk .
JH : When you 're in a position of peace , you think that the world is full of these , so it does n't have a terrorist .
The final thing we do is we help ourselves .
We eventually end up with our own .
CA : Thank you very much .
1700
In TEDx 2007 , the three trends we showed in the future of mobile phones . The first is the first one , and the second one is , you know , these two things are shaped by the Second World , but the third side is a product of the cell phone .
communication , culture , design , interface design
<unk>
Clay Shirky : The form of cell phones
And I 'm looking at that , which means that I have an investigative , and that 's how it works .
And as you can see , the digital world is open - down .
For humans , they do n't really change them in southern Asia .
On the other hand , humans are living in the world .
It 's not a lot of water . It 's a lot of fun .
So my question is how to make puzzles .
So here 's my question .
If we look at the notion of the iPhone , and the Rover that 's going on , we 're going to do it in the same way . They 're going down and down , they 're getting rid of it .
The next question is , what 's going on ?
Now , I want to show three options .
The first one is the mass .
And as a youngster , we certainly can feel the object of the hand .
So , can we do that in a mobile phone ?
Let me show you a little cell phone for you .
This is a cell box , and there 's a silver ball , so you can feel that part of it is going to be a little faster .
We can move into it .
For example , we 're taking the digital content to the mass of physics .
And when you move the farther down , the angle is shifting .
And the Digital revolution is so much more nurturing .
It 's just going to change the field , like , " Okay , Steve . There 's the left left . "
And the good thing about it is that you can skip looking at the cables and do n't pay attention to the screen .
Okay , quality is the first possibility . The second possibility is the shape .
We 're also going to be specific to the shape of your hands .
And if I measured a book , it 's just about 20,000 miles , but the cell phone or the book books are very thin , and I hope that if the books have a black page , I would like to feel like " The Battle of Chicago . "
So I 'll show you an optical cell .
Okay , so it 's a cell box , and this is what you can do .
We can make these shapes .
For example , in the pocket , it 's very thin , and the cell cell phones will make you feel a little bit of a piece where you want it to be , you know , your interface is right .
Do n't it be a boat ?
If you change the dynamic position , it 's going to be the same way .
And this is a form of wood , and it 's all about looking at the movie , and the headrest is going down .
It 's very simple .
And the other thing is that when you 're looking for a number of nine - dimensional numbers the size of the screen .
Like the screen of this program is not a cell phone , so the shape is told you , " Okay , there 's something there .
You ca n't see , but it 's there . "
Because you feel a little bit cooler .
The shape is the second alternative .
The third is more abstract .
As a human , we are social , and we have emotional , human beings .
Can we make a cell phone ?
If you put a pacemaker in your pocket .
We do n't do it , and we can feel that it 's painful .
And finally , let me show you a living cell .
Okay , it 's a cell box , but it has a breath of breathing and sugar , which is life .
And you can feel that it 's actually leaving .
Oh , horrible , bad phone calls , the new phone , maybe a new band . It 's very difficult .
How do you make it silence ?
It 's going to be the dawn of it , and everything is going to go back to the inside .
This is really , really difficult , and that 's what we 're looking at .
Now , we 're known to be able to think of three different ways of being physical content .
So this is a couple of ways of taking cell phones .
And it turns out that there is a hypothesis that is , instead of giving people more specialization to make technology more social .
http://www.ted.com/talks/al_gore_on_averting_climate_crisis.html
When Martin Luther King was sitting in 16 years ago , she felt a tremendous amount of freedom -- and other people thought she was missing . In her art , in her artistic era , he was supposed to be able to go to the world and put it on the World Trade Organization , and the pig 's freedom to get out of the earth .
arts , morality , performance
<unk>
Martin Harris : The deep diving across the deep sea
I 'm very happy to talk about what I 've been talking about my life , and it gives me freedom and it gives me freedom .
And I started with a long time ago in 16 years ago , and it changed my way with this world .
When I started with the Pope , I felt a new freedom of freedom .
Because life has been in me , it 's my life .
It was like a new kind of toy toy .
I can recline quickly , and experience the sensations in the face .
And even walking out of this great thing .
But even though I was happy and free , they changed my response to my position .
They do n't look like me , like I 'm wearing my head .
They seem to be able to identify with their own logic , to get my ideas out of the trashcan .
When asked you , what 's going to happen is that people are using " Doom " to " force " and " fear " for " regrets . "
I mean , I 'm going to ask them to tell their answer , so it 's fundamentally changing .
Part of my mind is close to me .
I 'm not talking about what 's going on in my view of what the implications are , but the dynamics of being connected to other people .
So , I learned that I needed this experience to create my own story a whole new , new story of self - awareness .
[ search " Help freedom : " through creating their story , we learn to look at our own lives , as we write the impostor , and I 'm going to try to create the importance of what 's going on in the world . ♫ Sweeney : So , Jill Sobule is a magic chair .
I 'm involved in changing the response of these signs , " to change the assumptions that when I start using the trashcan , the preconceived efficacy of my self - shaped feeling through creating personalized images .
This inhibits my drawing installation and entertainment .
When I really started to leave my happiness and freedom , people were interested in interest and surprising to me .
It seems to be the beginning of a new conception of thinking , which is that there is a pattern of thinking .
We can see that the spike is trying to reconstruct a self - awareness of a person 's self - organizing system .
And so , in 2005 , I realized that the same thing that I learned was the equivalent of the other side of my group , but it was a very exciting and a lot of it , and it led to a really exciting relationship between the motivations of hospitality and to the hospitality of their motivations . "
So I thought , " What if you put them together ? "
And then , in the last seven years , it brought me most of the most amazing things in the last seven years .
And to make you feel that it 's a sense of how I 'm going to share this with you , and that 's what 's going on here to show you that this is a wonderful journey for me .
This is the experience of what I 've been working on with whatever I 've experienced .
And what I 'm going to do is I can really get a lot of money to move in space and do it in space , and they 're having a lot of fun .
And the most incredible thing is that other people seem to be a little more than half the other .
They listened to light and said , " I 'm going to try and do it ! " Well , you can do anything I could do . "
And I 'm thinking , because it 's because they 're witnessed something that they 've never seen before , or , in fact , the notion of what 's going on in the chaos of chaos is a new way of thinking about their ideas .
And I think there 's a new kind of freedom that 's going on in this new notion , which is the freedom of choice in the rest of the others .
To me , it means that they 've seen a different value and its happiness , and when we 're not losing it , we can see that this is exciting to the power of the new ideas and the joy of their own forces .
For me , soldiers became a tool to convert tools into .
In fact , I 'm going to call this out of the doors , " because it really sucks me into a new dimension of life , and an new kind of , new and new new one .
In addition to the other side of the swim , there is no way of making a new view of being created by creating new ideas , and there 's this notion that it 's in your mind and it 's in your mind .
And you 're all part of this .
http://www.ted.com/talks/stewart_brand_on_squatter_cities.html
In the middle of the year and the 20th century , in the 1970s and ' 60s , the question of producing and synthetic climate change , and he wrote a talk about how he had a new version of his new book .
alternative energy , climate change , development , environment , global issues , green issues , green , sustainability
<unk>
Stewart Brand asks four questions
Because what I 'm going to talk about , I think I have to talk about the first time I 'm going to talk about my green message .
When I was a little boy , I promised myself as a American person , to protect and distribute it , and I would have to lose it . It was the air and the wind , the water , it 's the oil supply .
I maintain this promise .
In Stanford , I studied ecology and evolution .
In 1968 , I founded a long time called " The Vagina Monologues . "
And I went to the gym government .
The Brown government , I and some friends , were mostly pushing California to California , and now , 30 years later , even though we had a promotion economy .
But we 're California more urban than any other state of greenhouse gases .
In order to reduce greenhouse gases , California is basically equivalent to Europe .
And this year , the Earth has an application , and today , I call it the Code Code .
Now the main population of the population is that we 've been through this very fast - scale process .
It 's about 80 percent across the Media Lab , and it 's going to be what 's happening in the developing world .
Interestingly , in large cities , the size of the city is often determined to the history of history .
Now the biggest cities are in developing countries , and they 're getting faster than the U.S. countries . The scale is our nine times .
It 's a different difference .
When we were in history , they were the dynamics of history .
A thousand years ago .
So , we have a city distribution that we 've been working on at 1,000 years ago .
In the United Nations , the rise of the West , although it 's like this , but it has gone .
It 's a lot of money . Seventy - eight million people are going to the towns and the year .
What 's the point ?
Today , every village around the world is obese .
The landscape is , because people get to the cities .
The cities are the opportunities .
Simple .
I used to have a romance perspective about the countryside , because I never lived in villages .
Because in the city of industrial -- this is the root of the South Side , and it 's built closer to Nairobi -- and in cities , there 's an opportunity .
They have money - economics providers , making people do n't want to go to the workforce .
Go to places where you find a lot of beautiful points .
And there 's a lot of things happening .
They 're poor , but they 're highly powerful , and they have a strong creativity .
Now it turns out to be the people who live in the workforce , and 10 billion people are building their urban world , which means that they 're building a relationship with people , a family , an elder , one family .
They start picking up , as long as time , they get better progress .
They even build their own infrastructure .
First of all , Panbanisha wins .
The brush , the water , all the time , are all going on .
And then they change the change .
It 's not going to hurt , and it 's actually not the same job .
In Mumbai , the city of this city has half of the GDP of India , and it 's created by India .
The social capital is highly dense and most dense .
Anybody in this room are the most valuable .
That 's what they 're doing .
To talk about Rachel Carson , a lot of people are thinking , " Oh , it 's too bad . "
" Oh , we have to make them service services . "
Now , they show us how they do the phone service .
Now , the famine is largely a rural thing .
The people who care about it are care .
And that 's what we can do .
Government can help .
It 's going to help you to solve this problem .
You go to a remote city like Mumbai .
You see the path of the right .
And you said , " What 's going on there ? "
And the answer is , " Stand up . "
It 's much better than a bicycle , it 's bigger .
It works more .
The size of the brain .
And the point is that people are not starving .
It 's people who do n't want to get rid of poverty to get out of poverty .
They help it .
They do things by illegal and illegal economics .
The economics economy , it 's like the dark energy in the Greek world , which should not be , but it should be a big .
We do n't understand how it works . But we have to understand .
Meanwhile , the economics of economic economics is a lot of people who are going on , and it 's possible to get a crime , or you can join the gangplank or go into the normal <unk> .
We should help them make them easier to walk , because if we do n't do it , they 're going to be a headrest .
That has a variety of activities .
There 's not just a lot of service in the civil sector , but for the whole city services .
One of the main activities is that these are these schools .
Parents get money to fund places where teachers go to a small , private , engineering school .
In cities , education is more likely to change the world .
So you see some interesting , typical , urban things .
The first mate and the wealthy , like in Sao Paulo .
So this is what the city creates , organic adaptation .
In this case , the demand is maintained .
Like , in this city , there 's a living life in the right side of the city . It 's life , Rubik and Julia walking to a recline , and a very rich job .
They were quite phenomenal .
We 're looking at the mosquito .
The cities are connected to the state , and the country will become better , because the city has a lot of fun .
This can make cities -- that can allow the world to become more green .
Because people have to get rid of poverty , and one of the neighboring crops is the city of agriculture .
And when they leave the village , the natural environment starts very quickly .
And the people who spent money on the village could sell food to the emerging cities of emerging growth .
So , if you want to preserve a village , you have a good road , or good phone links , and the best ones are going to take some electric power .
We 're all at the top of the planet . It changes the planet .
It 's over half the urbanization .
And these numbers are really big . Now 10 billion people live in urban cities .
And the future will be more than 10 to the city .
It 's more than a dozen people who live in their way .
It 's going to impact a lot of it .
Now , for those of us , the most environmental part of the city , is that cities have a lot of time to make a population bomb .
People go into cities .
It 's not going to be a lot of kids .
They do n't even have a party , and they have to live in cities and it means that it 's a lot of priority .
And the other thing that 's interesting about this is that this slide is happening in a slide called a slide .
shows what 's going on .
And when we have more old men and I , millions of children were born .
They 're separate .
You 'll see in the northern hemisphere , all of a senior , older , old cities that live in conventional ways .
And in the emerging world of developing world , young people , people are doing innovative things .
Do you think that 's going to happen ?
I 'm going to move on . It 's a very simple time .
I 'm sorry to say that the news of climate change is more powerful than we think about the change .
The climate system is highly complex , the non - linear systems , which are the limit of control , harmony and <unk> .
Here 's some examples .
We 're pretty surprised to be bad at all .
And from the top of the government to think about it , it means that it 's a war between the last decade of climate change and chaos , as we 've seen in Darfur , the war of Darfur .
This is the war of drought .
It goes down and down . There is no way to support it , and then people get the trouble .
Okay , let 's go back to energy .
Carbon dioxide is made of a city or a urban planet .
And so far , there are only three sources of electricity , coal design , some oil , a lot of oil .
Some of them are just green and green .
The reason is that coal is a problem of climate problem .
Because it 's so cheap , unless the government gains the price of power , every one of them is going to be used by coal .
Wind and solar is not very big , because far , we do n't have a way to store these energy .
And so the idea is not to be a major approach to thinking about climate change , whether it 's going to destroy the climate , or the low - power , maybe , to save climate climate .
If we were able to use a good application , it could help .
Now remember , this is the village between the world and the cities , and the cities .
So , trees and ducks are more than their resources .
If you 're all used to use a nuclear power supply , you add the amount of things that are going to be the equivalent of a Coke 's cube .
And one of the poorest stars , a common , more than a regular Rover , is burning 80 yards every day , every single day .
It takes hundreds of tons of CO2 in the air .
So , when you look at all the different energy forms and solar cells and wind , the wind is going to be the same as the solar system , and , oh , I 'm sorry , you know , there 's also a parallel and a wind .
Will it be able to compete with the original competition ?
Just ask Australia to know .
This is the resources that you see , not from my environmental colleagues , but from that sense of efficacy .
So the good news is , the world , and said , " The world is building a nuclear system and start building tomato sauce .
It 's climate .
It 's also a parasite belt .
And I 'd like to point out a interesting thing , which is the thing that 's called a swarm capitalist .
I 'm not sure that it 's the local solar system , and the wind , the fertility , is the equivalent of the power of power .
But again , it 's a little bit of a small fractal might be used .
In north , the ice caps , and there 's a new trajectory that people start building up the bridge .
They sell them to the developing world -- 35 million servings of nuclear reactors .
Here 's the first design of the year .
So , this is interesting , for example , it took 25 million tons , two tons of grass , take it to the criteria of the gray bar , or the standards of it , that they 're usually going to be 12 and a quarter of a millimeter .
And these are very simple , and it 's easy .
This is the design of the U.S. Side Lab .
And this is a couple of years ago , and it 's been published in design now .
Almost all that is not just just small , and it 's going to keep happening .
They usually sit in ground .
Innovation is very fast .
So I think that 's important in the future .
In the lexicon , the power of electric power actually helps the impact of the nuclear force .
So this is a room for 15 or 40 percent of electricity , and it 's going to be a hundred percent .
Half of them are from Russian exertion , and they 'll have a lot of fuss about that .
And I 'd like to see the world of Bush government , and I think , of course , the world of private school projects that can continue to move forward .
And I 'm happy to see Obama in a couple weeks in San Francisco to talk about the strategy of the nuclear bomb Bank .
And the other thing that 's going on is to conserve food as a biologist , to sequester food crops in my view .
My global community is a little flatter , and it 's really awful .
Even though they were able to get the best of their best , the growing agricultural innovation of the history of history .
They 're prepared to protect the environment because they 're leaving oxalic acids to make the soil a little bit more personalized , and it 's going to reduce CO2 from the soil to the atmosphere to heat off the heat from plants to its atmosphere and to atmosphere it off .
They reduce their appearance .
It 's got a lot of food on the area , and there are lots of foods that are going out there .
By the way , 2006 is obsolete , but it shows the Africa of green and European stars , and they eventually get rid of those control .
Eventually , biological technologies are very near Africa .
It 's a moral problem .
Natalie Hertz on this problem with discussion , and with two meetings , it 's a moral responsibility to make sure that this is an ethical memorial .
To talk about the exciting things , artificial climate change is especially part of the government , but I know that there 's a couple of weeks ago , the U.S. defenses have been able to get a long time to do it , and it 's not the last time that the Earth is going to be a very , very good thing to see .
This is one of those lists .
It turns out that it 's actually worse .
So there 's a series of events that are going to happen as a result of malaria .
It 's like anti - genocide .
There 's also a silver lining example .
And because this happens , we might say , " Okay , what can we do ? "
But this is the little question of the Earth . Which one is trying to decide who engineers are , what do they do ? They do what ?
And it turns out that every single one of us is going to be the effect of the climate .
If we 're just going to be able to get a long - to - date , it might be possible to get killed .
But if we say , " Well , China , if you worry about it , you do it .
Your planet has your approach . We have our own .
It 's like the war of war .
And this is a very interesting talk .
I said , well , it 's more real than people .
The climate spill is very focused on one of the top projects .
In 1991 , the sulfur shield was reduced to the temperature of the Earth 's temperature for 24 percent .
And the last year , a lot of ice was lowered by the fishermen , and they called the polar bear .
It costs 10,000 million dollars to orbit the stratosphere every year .
It 's almost impossible to do anything about energy , and it 's just impossible .
And the other thing that 's used is that it 's going to be more active on the surface of the ocean , and it 's going to impact the impact of the Earth .
And because it can happen in a lot of very simple places , there 's a good example of the CIA 's farm , and it 's not completely burn , the plants do n't burn it to make a huge amount of carbon .
This is our formula .
Nobel Prize climate Prize call us our geological age of humankind , with human beings . We all agree with this principle .
In Discover Magazine , " We 're just like God , we might be able to do it as well as God . "
Now the graph of the Earth is : " We are God , we have to do this role . "
Thank you .
Schwartz
Before a couple of days , Henry Todd was a boat in the Gulf of Mexico , looking at the height of the British oil spill , and the catastrophic speed of oil absorbent caused by the United Kingdom , our society was looking for new energy , new primaries , the new private sector , so we were surrounded by a very high - risk problem -- and we had the destruction of what 's going on .
activism , business , culture , economics , science , social change
<unk>
Nalini Nadkarni : Agile - offs
I did something that was never done before .
I was on a weekly boat in the ocean .
I 'm not a scientist , but I 've been working with a brilliant scientific community from Florida University in Amsterdam , working in the Gulf of Mexico , and this team is tracking the oil spill to the U.K.
By the way , this is our boat .
The scientist with me was not studying the impact of the massive oil spill -- like the bird , sea , dolphin and radioactivity .
They 're in a little bit of a very small thing , and it turns out that it 's very large to get a big bang .
And what they 're looking at is the amount of resistance between oil and plants , and this is a very bad news , because there 's a lot of life .
And so we heard about 75 percent of the U.S. marvelous oil that we 've been talking about , and we do n't need to worry about it , but it 's still still growing .
It 's still affecting the food chain .
Now we 're not going to be surprised .
Rachel Carson -- the predecessor of the modern environment , in 1967 , had warned us .
She pointed out that controlling people -- and she called them -- using toxic pesticides , like tomato Angeles , for example , just to kill a few things , the insects , not a bird .
But they forget that , in fact , the birds are eating a lot of toxin , and they 're actually eaten by a lot of toxin .
So , the dawn of thunder is not going to win , and the mosquito is dead , the towns fell up .
This is the Open Street Conference . "
I tried to figure out what to keep me back to the Gulf of Mexico , because I 'm Canada , and I do n't have any difficulty .
And I think that the Gulf of Mexico is that I do n't think we 've been able to figure out what 's going on in this catastrophe , in which it shows the world of a very rapidly , and it means that every single day we 're looking at the Earth at 24 hours , we see the basking oil on the planet .
A long time ago we told ourselves that our tools are able to control nature , and we suddenly have to confront our vulnerability , our lack of control , as the oil spill , the top of the wind , which is the most difficult , it 's the water that 's going to dry the wisdom of a sailing boat and the old altar , all the way up and down .
But more than from the power of the polar bear , it looked a little bit more likely to have a lot of energy , and it was the destruction of their hairs , the lack of <unk> , from a hole to get rid of the maneuverability of a black hole to get out of the way it was , so that would be so .
And if there 's one thing that makes the U.S. government change more clearly , that is , as a culture , we become not careful with something that we do n't tolerate , and we 're not going to hurt to do this as Agile and engineering .
And this is not the last time in the U.K.
Our leaders rely on the war , and we have a great story about the owner of the crime and our liberation .
And then a few years of catastrophe , the fatal controlled of a couple of years , <unk> and <unk> , and again , has no radar strategy .
Our finance budget has been a little bit of self - esteem , trying to convince ourselves that this is a new market , which is that it ca n't be a market market .
And when this is all possible , most of the most brilliant and most intelligent people are trying to go to finance , and in this case , it 's going to take a lot of money to get the number of gaps in the same way .
It 's like the U.S. Air company , so that it 's banned , or at least tasks , but for a big cost .
We have to figure out why we 've been trying to make things happen , because we 're in the middle of a rectangle , and it 's about climate change , decide what to do .
As long as you know , there 's a lot of time in the country and the world of countries , and we have a scientist , " What if the government 's climate change is wrong ? "
Now , there 's a more appropriate question -- the physicists of Michigan Corporation -- " If they 're right ? "
Because the climate crisis really needs us to be treated by prevention - preventative process -- the theory shows that when human health is dangerous , and when the environment is hostile , we ca n't wait for the real science confirms , and we ca n't wait for it .
Touch is always better .
In addition to that , the idea is whether safety responsibility is safe , and it 's being threatened by public , so it should be harmful , it should be a lot of service .
But the global policy of the developed world -- if there 's this policy that 's not based on therapy -- it 's a cost - benefit analysis -- to find the number of economists that they think about our GDP .
And instead of using it to prevent what we need to do , ask us a little bit about what 's going on , and we 're going to have a strange problem , like , " What 's going on here ? "
Can we choose 2020 , 2020 ? "
Or we said , " How much can we get this Earth ? "
Will it go to the price , and it 's going to be -- or in the basis of the basis of the basis of four centimeters ? "
By the way , assumed we could control the Earth , the marvelous complex potential of the planet , like it has a synthetic system , and it 's not the same time , but it does n't have to be a way of thinking about the human imagination -- it is n't just the imagination of a change .
It came from economists to think of their ideas .
In fact , we did n't know that the Earth was completely unable to withstand our global warming .
Again , why are we going to use our valuable risks to take so big risks ?
Now you might expect a little bit of explaining , like , Houston .
And this is a common explanation , and there are a lot of evidence because as we know it 's a tremendous amount of money .
And the other thing that you 're talking about is the interpretation of a terrorist behavior .
And the <unk> and the logic of the defense continues , especially though it 's a lot of discussion .
For example , if you 're an 35 - year - old banker more than a doctor 's doctor , and then you need a narrative , it needs a story to make this gap .
You do n't have a lot of choice .
You do n't have a long - term manager , and you can solve the problem -- you 're not going to be a genius of -- you 're a genius of the world .
And the choice -- the genius and the impostor -- will allow you to fulfill the future to be more prone to higher risks .
By the way , Tony Schwartz , the breakup of the U.K. Oil , was a symbol of an inspiring slogan : " If you know you ca n't fail , what would you do ? "
Now this is a very popular comment , and there 's a lot of Legos , which I do n't know .
Do n't be shy .
Peer - to - fear fear is a good thing , and if you 're doing the training of a TED conference or ready for TED , I personally think it 's the ability to hold our economy and destroy our ecology , because -- maybe -- but I 'm going to think of it as a kind of " unacceptable , " because , you know , this is not a piece of drawing .
Now we 've got a lot of self - esteem and arrogant respect , but because we came up to the next factor , let 's think about the other factor of the same factor in a small way .
Now , I 'm not going to try to do this , but research shows that the risks of choice , women 's risk to lose men , is because , in the same way , we 've heard a little bit more likely to have a promotion of self - esteem .
So what we found is that the income and overconsumption that we have , it has its advantage -- at least for social purposes .
And the other side of the opposite is that you 've been told you have talent , which is an adaptability that is necessary to recline , obviously , to society .
And this is a problem -- dangerously danger -- I think , let 's get closer from our population .
Because we do n't have -- at least in the northern hemisphere , whether the men are not -- whether men or women can be able to get these information .
And that 's what I 'm talking about .
Whether we 're good at believing that they 're self - conscious , our culture has been able to tell some of the typical stories of how we are , and the story of nature is a story , the future of natural discovery , which is the theme of a new and <unk> story .
And as you can think of these stories , we 've all forgotten , they 're all going to forget when they are very strange .
For example , I was outside the street in Panzi Island , where the women were looking at this ad .
This is a commercial ad , which is , yes , it 's actually written , " Give nature a cup . "
And I showed this ad not to complain about it . It 's just a accident .
And I show it because they 're not a priority , right ? -- because , because it 's in its way , this ads is a version of our history .
We 're going to do it for nature , and we won it . We always win because it 's our mission .
But we 're not just talking about nature about nature .
And the other thing that 's important about nature is that it 's so rich and so much that we ca n't be able to adjust her .
Let 's talk about Tony Neil Hill .
" The Gulf is a very productive ocean .
We have a very small amount of oil that we 've been involved in . "
In other words , the ocean is <unk> ; she can withstand everything .
This is a latent assumption of infinite efficacy , and it makes it possible to become possible .
Because it 's our real time essay : no matter what we 're looking at , we have a lot of water -- more water , more and more .
The new bubble will replace the old bubbles .
Successions of new technologies will emerge , and we 're using a technology of technology .
In a sense , this is the story of America , and the United States has the same terrain , so the North Pacific is here .
This is the story of modern capitalism , because it 's from the wealth of the land , and if we do n't have a promotion system , it can not survive , it ca n't survive .
Now the problem is that it always lies .
It 's almost permanently .
Just we ca n't see it .
Now we 're going down a lot of these forces .
And I believe you know this , but we find it falls into a leader .
We do n't just continue to tell the same story of the biota , and what we 're doing now is a lot more and crazy , but it 's really , really , to slow down .
How do we explain the culture of culture 's cultural space ?
Now , empowering us " <unk> , " because God unites them to stay inside the ground , and the other side of that is that the one on the side , in her burqa , at the end of the day , she complained that Alaska is the primitive <unk> machine .
It 's a sin to get crazy .
To ignore the fear of fear , we realize that it 's going to work .
It 's not limited .
And there 's a different kind of rock .
So stop blowing up the balance .
And the reality is that if you have a little bit of this , you know , it 's good for her .
In the environment , we hear we keep that part , not a change .
Unfortunately , it 's very optimistic .
And the truth is , we 've been flying so much of this mass fossil fuel so that we 're entering a tremendous amount of risks .
So this means that it 's very important to be in the dark water , including dengue fever , there 's actually no way of cleaning oil .
And that means that the big hawk - dimensional coating is developed and large and massive , and there are other ways that we do n't have it .
The most controversial thing is the tar sands .
And I always have a lot of people in Canada who know that the tar sands is so surprised , and the oil spill is going to be the equivalent of oil absorbent .
To take time to understand this process , because I believe that we can see our grandchildren and our path , no other .
This is the place where the tar sands is , the last iteration of the Atlantic Ocean .
It 's not a fluid .
It 's not just the empty empty surface .
It 's about the water in the tar sands , and the soils mix together .
So you get out of oil , first to remove those trees .
And then the upper left is getting to the top of the oil chain .
And this process needs a lot of water , and then it 's going to be a massive toxic tank .
And this is bad for survival of local residents , and they have a very high - scale group of cancer .
Now , looking at these images , it 's hard to understand the scale of this race , and this has been shown from space to the size of England .
And I found that the biggest synthetic support truck that brought the dirt to understand the scale .
And the wheel is one .
My point is not about oil .
Not even a little bit .
And this is actually inhibiting the surface .
Narrator : A lot of the unfortunate landscapes were destroyed , leaving the gray ones .
Now , I should admit that this is dentistry , even though it does n't have any carbon .
But the fact that the average thing is that it 's going to be the same three times the greenhouse gases of the oil industry .
How do you explain this ?
When we know that we need to learn how to live in the surface of our Earth , we depend on the sun , the wind and the spice energy , and we 're crazy to get the most delicious thing to think about .
And this is the story that we 've been growing into , and the black hole in my country 's center -- the less oil spill of the planet , the oil spills of oil , we just stand up with a long time .
It 's like the Grand Canyon and the others showing us , and this is how civilization can be self - destructive , but when it 's supposed to be the way that the bridge is .
The problem is that our main prime essay has been the answer .
In the last minute , we 'll get saving , as every Hollywood movie , like a movie of the movie .
Of course , our grandchildren are technology .
Now you may have noticed more of these things .
The view of this is called engineering , which is , when the Earth warms , we should be able to launch the heat and the spice particles and put some solar tubes back into space , and reduce the temperature .
The most crazy project is -- it 's not my fault -- let 's put a rubber bag into a wall , and it takes the balloon to fly the speed of fuel .
So this is more antiangiogenic .
Think of it as the ultimate trash ride .
It 's a study of serious scientists who are completely unaware of these technologies .
They do n't know if it 's doing this , and they 're not aware of what 's going on .
Nonetheless , in some cases the Earth is going to get a metronome -- especially the medium of media -- it 's like , you know , with the farmers of Israel .
We 've found a blocked program .
And this is a new area .
And more importantly , we do n't have to change our lifestyle .
For some people , their teammates is wearing Legos .
In other people , their teammates , they 're making a vacuum .
We really need a new story .
We need all sorts of heroic stories , these heroes who are willing to pay for different kinds of risks -- to keep the risks of risk , and you can bring it to the practice , even though it 's going to go through the direct process -- like a couple of young people in the subway or the mountaintop removal , for example .
We need these stories , and they can grow a linear narrative for the bridge , which remind us what 's going on .
This is our only family .
Nothing escaped the program .
It 's called " The Magic Grab , " which is called the Personal Grab and the limit , and that 's what it calls to prevent us , that the principle suggests that it 's so compelling that we ca n't take it to accept any workforce .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/graham_hill_less_stuff_more_happiness.html
Fifty - year - olds ' early ' 60s ' 19th century , John Heifetz shows a sculptor of Charles ♫ ♫ Sobule : The federal power engine , the high energy engine and a mathematician , and it talks about the future of a little bit of an entertaining consumer .
behavioral illness , computers , engineering , history , technology
<unk>
John Graham Shepherd : The greatest machine in history
And I 'm going to just show you a little bit about the machine that I call the most greatest machines .
It 's a machine that never been created , but it 's going to be made out of the future .
It 's a machine that 's early on when people have no idea .
And if you 're interested in the history of the computer , you know , there 's a little bit of computers , and there are some simple computer markers that we 're looking at today , that you think it 's right , but you put the Century logic .
The first computer is actually the decade of the 20th century , and it 's not about 30 , 40 , 1940s - 1940s .
Part of the design and a part of this design has been made in the South Bronx .
This machine is built by a guy named Charles Dick .
I have this guy with Charles Page , because all of his hair 's hair was filled with this kind of thing .
He was very wealthy and he could say that the U.S. Corporation of England was a Saturday evening , and if you were a French , you would be invited to meet his house -- he would invite everybody to be a bomb , a lot of popular people -- and then he was going to show you a sculptor .
And I was very proud of that time , and then you could go to an airplane and see a computer computer demo .
Nonetheless , the Fowler mathematician was born with a very famous mathematician .
And he blogged about Newton , in Cambridge , recently funded Steven Hawking .
And he did n't have these guys , because he had only created this machine , but it never really built out .
And the reason is that he 's a typical cartoonist .
He had a good idea , and he would think , " Well , I 'm going to take it out .
I 'm going to spend a lot of money , but I have a better idea .
And so I built this . No , I should build it . "
He always did this , until Robert Kennedy took him from stage 10 to the next 10 , and he said , " You know , you have a good day .
And what he came up with was this big thing , analyzed the engine , and I 'm trying to tell you a little bit about it .
Each of these Rovers is a chair , and it 's the equivalent of the wheel , so this is the big one .
In my words , I want you to imagine this big machine , and we can hear that this is beautiful from this machine .
Now , I 'm going to show you a little bit about the structure of the machine , and that 's why the computer works , and then tell you a computer .
So we 're going to talk about the stock ward , and it 's just like the computer of computers right now , but the gears that are used for the wind , you have 30 gears , so it 's about 30 gears .
Imagine a number of times , and they all have a hundred and a half .
This machine is a kind of vegetarian . All everything is going on .
And he wanted rabbits , but the problem is that the machine 's flexible and it would be huge .
So it 's a partial differential .
And this is what it 's doing .
And they all look like this .
So this is a huge thing , and it 's a little bit of a chip .
Yes , that 's right .
It 's all mechanistic . The whole machine is so .
This is a picture of a piece of paper from a scientific museum .
With four basic architects , it 's good for the wind , but it can also do a little bit of a computer to do what they can do with the calculators , and the robot is able to decide to determine the data .
It could have been a computer for programmers , and it was actually a computer .
You can calculate it . It 's not just computation .
Now , let 's look at this , stop thinking about what we 're looking at , and we ca n't even see what 's inside it , so it 's very tiny .
But if you really see , you can see something like this .
So this is a marvelous complexity of complexity , and it 's unbelievable .
And if you 've seen a picture of a big picture , you 'll see that it looks like the same , and it 's very complicated .
All of these laptops are doing what 's doing a computer , but of course you have to give this program to the 20th century , and in the ' 60s , the 70 , 70 years later , that 's a piece of technology , which is one of the three , you know , this is a program that is going to be -- and the thing is , there 's three and a half minutes -- you can go and look at the machine .
But there 's a lot of that .
He designed some program , and he wanted it to do it .
And the reason for that is because there are a couple of anecdotes that have been created by the French , who have made a lot of control , and you can get these incredible patterns , but he 's in the last 30 years to prepare all the other things that he has to do with all of the rest of his technology , in which he was at the age of 30 , 40 and 40 , for the ' 50s and ' 60s , which was completely incoherent .
And the idea is that it 's a technique that wants to use technology , so that 's what 's going on .
He needs a little bit of tricks .
Obviously , you 've got a computer .
There are lots of cards , rice , and <unk> .
You need a couple of Legos .
And the first thing that no one 's got to do is have a voice , and you can get the sound out of it if there 's something wrong .
There 's actually a report on the cards , and it says , " Rover . " And you can imagine " sync ! "
You can imagine all these noises , winning the gangplank , and the Hanging engine . " Right ?
You need a printer , and of course everyone needs .
This is a picture of a piece of machine that 's about the other machine , " The Red Cross " -- he never built it , but the science Museum was created in the early ' 80s and ' 70s .
Or a pure mechanical printer .
It 's just print number number , because he 's obsessed with numbers , but it 's able to print up the paper , even if you 're going to get the end of the line , and then you can charge it to the final end .
You need images , right ?
If you want to do something about the image , so he said , " Well , I need a piece of paper , and I have a lot of water and there 's a <unk> , it 's going to take it . "
So he designed a network that was in that time , and he had a good machine .
And of course , the woman , of course , is Christopher <unk> .
Now , imagine this social community , and all these people have come up with this .
This woman is crazy , and the daughter of the cows , her husband , was threatened by her daughter , who was worried about her daughters and she thought , " I know how to fix it . "
We 've got her math . So she 's going to get rid of her . "
Because I did n't have a mathematician at all , and so on , that would be good .
It 's going to be better . And so she started to learn the mathematics of mathematics and then gives her a social party and put it out of his machine .
And the dawn of this is where it 's there , and the demo shows his machine and he 's going to figure out that she 's only the only person in his life , but she said , " I know what this machine is and what the future is . "
She was very big for us , because it was a lot of machines that were trying to make .
Now , some people called her first programmers .
This is actually from front of her report .
This is a program that absorbs the bottom of a program .
But the history of history , she 's not really the first programmers , and she does something a little more amazing .
It 's not just a programming player , and she sees something that does n't see .
He was mesmerized .
He wanted to build a machine that could make a mathematical machine , and then he said , " You 're not able to do math on the machine . " It 's in this room , because they have a computer .
If you open your cell phone , every one of them is the computer , or any kind of computing device , it 's all mathematical equipment .
It does n't matter whether it 's a video or a text or the music , and all the numbers are the number of mathematics to say , " Just because you 're using the math function and the symbols , you ca n't represent things like this , like music . "
And this is a big fly because it says , " We can calculate these amazing functions and put the mathematical form and print it out , and " you 're looking at it as if you show it , as you give it to the form of music . "
And this is what I said about the Atari that I said .
And when you say she 's a programmers , she really is really important to talk about what the future is to become as the first programmers .
Now , a man came up , and there was a guy coming up in southern Africa and he reinvented the computer .
Of course , the machine is pure mechanical machines .
The Digital machine is the main machine .
And these are the people who come out of the mathematics of mathematics and tell us some very important things .
He was on the basis of the mathematics of mathematics , and he said , " How do you make computer and not really important . "
It 's like mechanical computing , like a computer , or a electrons , and it does n't matter if it 's a cell or the future -- or we 're going to be able to get into a device or another .
We can go back to the machine , and we make it very small . All these things are the computer .
And there 's a pattern of computation .
This is called a basket - up .
So suddenly , you know that the connection is actually a computer , and it 's really a computers .
In fact , it could do anything we can do with computers , but it 's very slow .
You know , if you want to know it , it has modems .
It uses a double - plus adhesive as a type of input .
But it 's a very small group .
You can expand it out .
Well , what does this thing give us today ?
We have plans .
In the workforce , there are hundreds of schemes and tens of thousands of pages written on this analysis .
One of us is that we call it " Project 28 , " and it 's a leader that I 've created with Rachel Warren , who is the leader of the medical museum , and he 's the DARPA program , which is he throws it up to the project of building it .
Here 's the South Pacific , and we analyzed the engine .
There are a lot of parts .
And part of that is the archival collection of the alphabet .
This has been done . The second one is about all these schemes to decide what to build .
And the third part is the one that the machine is , and the last one is actually the fact that the science is really taking the machine .
And when it 's made , you really understand how computer works , because there 's a small chip in front of you , and you can see , " Oh , I 've seen it . ♫ Sweeney : I 'm going to hear the work in work , but I can hear that there is a job . "
And we 're going to do a simulation .
It has to write the future of the engine once when it analyzed the wheel .
And , of course , he did n't succeed , because he was all limited to his new plan , but it was built in the 20th century , and all of the sudden everything was changing at the 1940s .
Now , I 'm going to show you a little bit about what it looks like if it 's a video of the video , and that 's how it works .
And this is a three - year - old , and it 's going to be a matter of addition . That 's what you can imagine .
Give me five years .
Before 2030 , we have it .
Thanks very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/eric_dishman_take_health_care_off_the_mainframe.html
In this presentation , a lot of the photographs , the Jill Sobule , Christopher Schwartz Shepherd to us , showed us the three major projects of human and our planet the planet , and the second one is that he 's a little bit of a piece of paper , " The Second Universe " -- and he shows the project of what 's going on at the top of his page ; it 's the Second one , which is what he is going to have to do with a variety of people .
art , climate change , environment , film , future , human media , photography
<unk>
Kevin Shepherd : The Earth 's planet
And because I 'm flying to this , I 've been inspired by the impact of the Earth .
I 've been rowing CO2 in the air . It 's a matter of two elephant .
And I 'm here to talk about ecology , but my carbon dioxide emissions has joined the same amount of CO2 in the French year .
What do I do ?
When I went home , I got suicide ?
What I 've done is another way of squeezing CO2 , I do it every time .
In fact , my job is to show human human impact .
I 'm going to show you a little bit of a picture last year .
The tar sands is a huge force for the environment .
We know that it 's a problem , but we do it .
In rodents , seven hours a day , they work 24 hours an hour to collect as much oil .
We all know that oil is going to die .
Pepsi is not a long - term solution .
But we used to use it every year more than 2030 .
But we missed it .
Forgot this .
The coral 's coral reefs .
Because global warming , coral groups will probably be killed by 2050 .
We know that coral reefs are very sensitive to temperature , and they 're very important to sea diversity .
That 's the Arctic . It took this picture last summer .
And if I was 15 years ago , I took this picture .
So here 's a new piece of Atlantic and Pacific Pacific .
Since 1960 , the Arctic 's ice has declined over 90 percent .
This is a klutz ' nest , and it has disappeared .
Fantastic picture .
It has lost its farm of 80 percent .
In the case of scientists said , in the next 100 years , the mountain of the Starr valley disappears .
It matters very important for life on Earth .
And as Al Gore says , you know , there are 20 billion survival of life in global water cells .
Come five .
Ten percent of humans are all dependent on fishing .
Today , 70 percent of blood vessels are being recycled .
And according to the <unk> , if we do n't change our fishing returns , we 're going to lose the safety of the ocean in 2050 .
We certainly forgot that it would n't be .
This is a beautiful picture of leaving Africa .
Every six people in the world do n't have enough food .
So , 100,000 people have no longer enough food .
In Africa , antiangiogenic is one of many places .
In the United States , 90 percent of crops are used to feed animals or to make organisms .
In Houston Springs , the West Ocean .
Every year it loses about 15,000 miles a year .
Darfur , refugee camps .
Today , there are 2,000 people in the world .
And according to the U.N. , we 'll have two million people in 2050 .
I 've always shown my photographs in the street .
We 've done it in 100 cities .
But how can we understand the silent human world ?
The landscape is not enough .
Clearly I 'm going to do another project .
I founded a project called " $ 60 , " for a billion people .
And I had six photographer to go to the world and ask the same questions about life .
We 've done 5,000 times .
And I 'm here to show you this .
The first man : What 's the most wonderful thing in my life ?
And that 's when my father told me , " Come on , I 'll give you the girl . "
Number one : God ? Fire is the best thing I can get .
Man : William and Juliet , Steve Jurvetson and ducks , <unk> and picks , the Jill and the groom , and this is the fear of love !
Second woman : You ask me a tricky question .
Narrator : Because I did what I wanted to do , so I thought I had to be happy .
The fifth one : I think , first of all , what I learned was that .
Man : ... from my children , the fifth men who are respect to each other : we train the bicycle , and how happy it is .
Man : We invented stories , and we could go beyond the world to fly across the auditorium , but we can imagine in our library .
Man : I 'm frowning .
Man : You know , family -- problem .
Man : Life , your life is only the only one .
Man : Who am I ? Is this important ?
Man : If I could go back to Iraq , I 'd like to go to the people who said , " I 'm going to ask you to kiss the rest of their footprints .
Like when I wanted to kill a woman in Iraq , she had to kiss my feet .
I feel overwhelmed .
I was moved by their strength , and brought me into a weapon .
I 'd never felt that there would be a lot to do with Iraq .
Number two : Dad , mothers , I grew up .
You do n't need to worry about me . His God does n't have to work with it .
So , what 's my home ?
And I 'll say , my family is poor , and I 'm just going to show you , I just want to just show myself , make more money , let 's get the parents to go to a very wealthy feeling .
I do n't want to leave them in a very poor way .
And if I really have a big , successful , I 'm very successful . I want to thank my parents .
" fathers , Mama , thank you .
And I 'd like to thank you , I 'm going to make it today . Thank you . "
Man : I 've spent 50 years of time on LinkedIn , but it 's not going to be my hobby .
A lot of people say I could n't surfing surfing . I went to the world , and I was going to hit the world at the time .
I confirm that .
I think it 's all about nature , and connect to life , because we all have a kind of bug in the Earth .
I just had a little load on the body .
Man 2 : So , for example , you all love each other .
No matter where you 're coming from .
You do n't know me , I do n't know .
We all look at each other .
If I really love you . I 'll give you a cow and a lot of other things , and we 're becoming friends .
We do things like each other .
Hahahaha : You can go into this website . Come on .
There are 40 problems .
Now let me talk about my movie .
In the last three years I shot a movie about Earth .
His name is " hometown . "
It 's a film about the Earth 's change .
It 's a wonderful story of life .
I 'm proud of you to show you a little bit of this .
Narrator : There are four billion years of history .
These plants have been a million years of history .
And the history of human beings is just about 20 million years .
We have successfully adapted to that , and we 've reached the whole planet .
In the prisons , we grew up with our children , and it does n't look like millions of other species in our lives .
In the past 30 years , I was fortunate to look at the Earth from the first 30 years .
Our lives depend on our stars .
We depend on the water , the forest , the deserts , the ocean .
fisheries , rice , agriculture , these are the world 's first human activity .
The Earth makes us divided together , and it does n't have to be separate from us .
We all share the gift of the Earth , and the same hope is beyond itself .
And yet , we started looking at the high speed , let 's get each other .
Today , our biggest battle is to protect our planet .
In less than 50 years , we 've been able to radically change the planet and changed our family .
Half of the world 's deforestation has disappeared .
It 's not a lot of water .
It makes the soil barren .
Our energy is not sustainable .
climate change is changing .
We 're suffering ourselves .
We just wanted to improve our lives .
But they 're in the Houston store .
We do n't know that the Earth is not going to be able to recover our progress .
We know that the solution is possible .
For a better future , each of us is capable of changing this .
So what do we do ?
Hahahaha : This is the Target producer .
This movie is a different movie .
This movie shows free free .
It has no rights .
In June 5 , every day , everyone could download this film in the Internet .
In six 4 sessions , television and cinema were all about free free to free films .
This movie is a movie without any hesitation .
Of course , for schools , cities , NGOs and you .
We have to believe that we know everything .
Let me tell you .
It 's not sexy enough , it 's too late .
But we can do a force for solutions to the Earth .
And finally , I wanted to welcome a new new baby , and they were born with this talk .
Thank you . I love your love .
http://www.ted.com/talks/robert_full_on_engineering_and_evolution.html
The famous idea is that the brother 's brothers will show them the amazing balance , the tenderness and the desire , and now , you 're going to get off ...
collaboration , entertainment , humor , physics
<unk>
Think of the brothers and the groom .
Dan Dennett : Let 's take a spear and erase it . Let 's go .
Barry van Chen : Now there 's a lot of high - tech chairs here , and when it hits the hill , I think it 's all the way we engineering engineering , the design of <unk> , <unk> .
Narrator : Clearly , this is not our typical performance . This is what we 've learned . We 're going to try and inspire a piece of music ?
Man : It 's great to play , Steve , wonderful . You 're great .
Excellent performance . Very good .
Man : Thank you .
Narrator : When they do this , they keep going .
You actually did this .
And that 's what 's going on here .
Interviewer : Okay , let 's play a little bit special .
Elizabeth : This is not a leader .
Okay , look at this , all of a different kind of wood .
Honestly , TED is about innovation . Man : Yeah .
Narrator : Yesterday , Michael Pollan shows some of the geckos horn , and he invented it at work .
Now , Dan 's going to show us some things that he invented .
Narrator : I invented a series of pieces that I looked at , and I created the other one .
PH : Do n't work .
PH : That 's a little snapshot .
Announcer : You , you know , it 's a sin of liberation , not to give you a silence , but certainly I 'm certainly going to die .
PH : Oh yeah , yeah .
Houston number : Ooh , Daniel Daniel
Announcer : Again .
Excellent .
Excellent .
Okay , Steve Jurvetson : Oh !
So let me just spool it out , and I 'm going to show you a six - square number .
And for the sake of play , it 's about six to six , and I have to control it for a second , I 've got to control it for a second .
And three , three is me .
Houston : Good job .
Now there 's six of them , and I 'm going to try and give you a little bit of that , or let me give you a little bit of time on ?
PH : Forget .
Forget me to try and do it , and then determine , what ?
PH : Well , ideas , let 's get it out .
PH : He 's looking at me .
PH : Okay , he does this , OK .
PH : Now , Richard Fowler is a way of helping us .
Oh , yeah .
PH : You know , a few years ago , every year ? Every year , we have the competition and Richard . ♫ Sobule : We all play the whip of the wall , and we 're always going to play a wall where you can see , it 's fun .
We 're thinking , " Leonardo . "
Christopher : I 'm sorry , can we do that design design ?
PH : I want to wait for a second .
Jabbar : How fast ?
PH : Yeah , we found how to get Richard Berners - engage .
He actually works more than that .
Man : Hold on , Richard .
.
OS : Richard , please .
OS : Okay , sorry .
PH : Oh , Jesus . Richard .
Richard Dawkins : Can I say this ?
Man : Yeah .
PH : For every year , I 've been practicing with them all over the past , and this is -- I do n't know , it 's true .
PH : Okay , stand in ...
God , I hate that . Put your hands on , thank you .
Old Milk Carton : Just before he did with him .
Normally Dan takes the balloon , but now you protect him .
It looks pretty elegant .
Old Milk Carton : Oh , you 're stuck .
PH : No , no , no .
Just Richard , really good , very good .
Well , we start .
Make him hold your wrist , so I can get it .
Man : Hold your wrist , keep my wrist in a second .
Houston : What a good job
Okay .
Okay , keep it ready .
JA : Mmm .
OS : The first one .
PH : These were all coming out , Richard .
Old Milk Carton : So Richard , we 're on the list ? Do n't we ?
Here 's what happened .
PH : I think we 're outside .
Singer : Ah !
You 're not going to be cut .
Roger Shepherd : I 'm not going to get me .
PH : In doing good , I 'm going to start doing it .
PH : Again , again .
PH : We 've done it .
Christopher : Can I grab the balloon ?
Man : Yes , you do n't want to grab it , believe me .
Elizabeth : Can you spot the legs ?
Old Milk Carton : Do n't you ? Do you want to do this ?
Again , human beings , I do n't want to really do it very quickly .
Can you charge it out ?
Announcer : Oh , humanity
PH : Oprah . I 've always wanted to try that one .
PH : Let 's jump through this direction .
Now , we have the Richard survival of Richard , and we 're just going to be threatened by the dangers of our own peril , right ?
So , to do this , I 'm going to take this three sharp smudges .
And if it 's not enough , your response is also the same .
Old Milk Carton : Oh , hopefully I want to be sharper .
Elizabeth : Yes . Barry .
Narrator : I 'm running sideways .
Narrator : From my shoulder to my shoulder .
Narrator : From his shoulder to his shoulder .
Interviewer : In the air , you get the Grand Canyon , and there it is .
It 's still <unk> .
You say , do n't you ?
Jabbar : You said , simplicity ?
Man : Why do n't you say it ?
Narrator : We started .
Jabbar : You said , Steve Jurvetson , boy ?
Narrator : This guy invented the air .
Man : Oh yeah .
Even a pencil .
Narrator : He invented a checklist .
Interviewer : Okay , so we start this Rover , but let 's remember , we spent 10 years to make it work .
JA : 10 years , you 'll see what ?
JA : Well , it 's not so hard , we just like to be practicing .
Jabbar : travel too much , this is more difficult .
In fact , we 'll confirm that they might fake -- they 're probably empty -- it 's all sharp .
SS : And anybody can get a little bit of the small animal of a farm to come up with this ?
Or a Gothic show .
SS : Anybody .
Tom : Do n't get me ?
SS : And she went to the farm to go ?
Narrator : Do you have a little creature ?
Just try to get it . Okay , we start .
Jabbar : Forgot the head , spit out the head .
Jabbar : How do you feel , Barry 's going to feel better ?
Man : Oh , yes .
Man : Do n't you feel anything good ? Stay in .
Narrator : There 's a little bit of symmetry .
<unk> : All right ?
Repairman : Uh .
Interviewer : Okay , we start .
Interviewer : That 's a little bit , who 's responsible for lighting ? You can put it into my eyes ? I can see little .
SS : The power strength , we still have a vacuum .
We get closer and closer .
Interviewer : Well , far beyond the visual .
The design design is completely different .
Interviewer : Right , Houston . Man : Forget the head .
Elizabeth : Can you put our music up ?
Can you use it ?
Narrator : They were a good employee !
Interviewer : Oh , ooh .
Narrator : We 'll go .
Man : Okay , let 's take a long time .
Tom : Are n't there ? Oh boy ?
Man : Sorry .
JA : I think my part is hard .
PH : When you could get all this available .
Interviewer : Go ahead .
Come , Larry hopped down , jump up .
You jump .
Wow , OK , stop .
Oh , no one 's dancing . It 's only us .
It 's certainly uncomfortable .
PH : French mania .
PH : A couple of times .
Narrator : French San Francisco gave the Aston Office
Interviewer : Well , you know .
MT : Well , Steve Jurvetson : There 's another one .
Interviewer : Tell them our situation .
Interviewer : Well , some of us might know , we 've got twice . We have twice the world .
It does n't matter whether you believe it or not , you do n't think it 's the world of crime .
We 're going to show you a little bit of a piece that we use to compete with the other team .
Man : Yes .
Okay .
I know what you 're thinking , and the other landmasses must be a little bit better . "
Leo has bad fun .
But Barry and one is in my feet right now .
Check a twin brothers .
.
There 's another place in my feet .
You want me to do it .
Richard . Richard , you tell him . This is your last year .
This is a good chance , Richard .
Well , a good opportunity .
I 'm going to use my own reaction .
Okay .
And I realized that I had to get rid of the bed , and I got it to grab a ticket .
Good .
And I met , Barry . That 's enough .
What 's important is that this is progress .
How ? Oh , let 's try .
Oh , wait . Barry , Barry .
There 's a whole full proportion there .
Yes . It 's odd . You do n't think it 's more than half , yes , too weird .
See , I 'm going to move it down to my feet .
Wow ! How good is it . Oprah .
See it 's lying there .
Oh Steve , does n't you ?
You are my hero , you 're my little shoes .
A lot of the Olympics .
And from my feet , I 'm going to get rid of it .
Oh , boom , where ? Tell us to buy , Barry .
Hold your next statement . What is it ?
What kind of knowledge ?
What sticks ?
Are you ? Barry .
Which is the final answer ?
Okay . You have to shut the TV .
Okay , good .
From my feet , the waiter 's toes .
We can play seven .
From six to seven . Man : This is a duck . We .
Yes .
Goodbye , no matter what you 're ready to do .
Hello your tongue . Barry .
Oh , Oh , um .
Come on , please . ♫ Sweeney : Thank you .
Because we 're going to be able to make it harder . We 'll put that seven up on the shelf .
Seven - legged domes .
Man : Hold on .
Narrator : Thank you , it 's this .
<unk> : Thank you .
Man : Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/steven_strogatz_on_sync.html
Narrator : In this open - source speech , Richard Willis told us how cheap the gene is cheap , and a very rapid gait of health and politics .
DNA , biotech , health care , science , technology
<unk>
Richard Todd : Welcome to the genetic revolution
Ladies and gentlemen , I 'll show you a human genome .
So the first stage is the chromosome .
It 's a sexual vaccine .
Women have two of the big X - chromosome men , and of course , there is a piece of X line .
Man : I 'm sorry , that little guy makes you different .
And if you zoom in on this gene , you see , of course , this is the code of the size of a dinosaur , and it 's made of these trusses , or it is , right ? A C.
How many of you have this structure ? Get billions of dollars ?
Is this number big ?
Anyone can talk about the big number .
But then , if I put a piece of paper , eight - and - a - half - screen on top of the screen would have to go to the screen of a human genome .
So this is very big .
And maybe because of this scale , a group of people -- they 're all carrying the Y - chromosome .
15 years , it actually spent about 40 billion processor sites and releasing it .
In 2003 , the original picture was done , and they kept doing it .
These are all made of machine .
Each one is going to work about one dollar , and it 's very slow .
But you know , I want to tell you a little bit about the world , and you do n't know what the world is .
And what I 'm doing now is to get a genome to replicate 50 , and then fill it in a massive and high - scale and very large .
And the software uses it and gives you a clue .
To give you a deeper sense of what the Human Genome Project :
In this machine , the next week , it 's been done .
This summer will hope to get into 600 and the growth trends .
So every one of these Rovers , the price drops up to a long time .
And this is like , you know , it 's like you give the car to the $ 20 , and you get to the two and a half minutes to Jupiter .
The world of the world 's population owner is the best way of selling medical medical literature , and then they 're all new .
Ladies and gentlemen , this is a logarithmic scale , and you do n't get a chance to go like this .
So within the world , the capacity for human genome is about 190 to 100,000 people .
This is based on machine recognition .
And this is probably going to be in the future every year , and it 's going to be even more and more and more .
And in fact , there 's a lab in which there are all kinds of people in the lab .
And that 's what it 's about .
And the Chinese was no longer starving .
What 's the significance of the celebrity ?
If a woman 's female - old .
She had an age of childhood breast cancer .
She 's undergoing surgery , chemotherapy and chemotherapy .
She goes home .
Two years later , she found a double - year - old .
Unfortunately , again , the surgery and chemotherapy .
Three years later , she 's 42 and a half , and more chemotherapy , more radiation .
She has a six - monther adores the 6 months .
The last step was death .
So , the first 10 years of treatment , she was a primary treatment .
And because people are , like , my colleague , Rick Fowler , who 's working with the principal of the Washington school , decided to decide to her .
And he took it down to the skin cells , and the vessel of the healthy cell , his healthy skin , grabbed a couple of weeks later .
He uses the software and the two genome , and he found 30 million pounds of blindness that was lost in a gene called a genetic gene .
If the gene mutates , 90 percent of the cheap mutations are possible .
And unfortunately , it 's not a matter of caring for this woman , but this is important for her family .
And if they have the same mutation , they get the gene tested and then understand that they can be able to get into the typical exam and find a lot of life .
Let me show you a couple of years ago , they were diagnosed with <unk> .
Their mothers were a very brave woman , and she did n't believe that she was able to get rid of the symptoms and looked at her and the Internet to search for the other one .
And the waiter 's reaction is , the wind blows .
So for drawing drawings -- it 's actually really unsatisfactory , but they 're not completely stopped .
There 's a huge problem there .
And the men in this picture are really fortunate , and he 's a company called Life technology .
And this company is one of the two towers of a genome system .
So he uses his children .
And they found that the mutation rate of the genetic mutation was associated with the functions of a sequence .
So , besides being a frame -- they used to be treated with a drug - induced cure for their kids .
You know , you do n't have a genome .
I spent 10 dollars a few years ago .
Now it 's a $ 100 , next year .
It was 100 years later .
That 's so fast .
So this is a little paradise , and he likes to fill it up .
Nick picks up the treatment , and his stomach was like a famine .
It 's not because he does n't wear it , it 's when he eats it to get the honey into the water .
And in the course of a group of surgical trials , he looked at the mother and said , " Mama , I 'm really mad . "
And his spinal cord has reached a clinical background , and he did n't know where the problem was he said , " Let 's make a genome . "
And then they were able to find a genetic mutation in the gene , and they found a little fractal .
So it turns out he 's a kind of resistance to food , which is natural response , and it causes the chemical death .
But this is what this gene does .
So for this question , he received a lot of healthcare .
In nine months , it would be difficult to eat , and he could eat it .
Use the genome as a response to the robot .
And here we are today .
It means that every person in this room means we can survive 20 percent because it 's technology .
This is an amazing story , and , of course , the human ability and our ability to beat food in the world .
But this technology could be used to produce new corn plants , wheat and all kinds of other foods , to prevent pesticide and endangered crops and pesticide .
And as the population continues , we would have to be able to recycle the product .
If you have some decisions in the audience .
No , nobody .
This is a decade ago , a decade ago , every single year .
In fact , it 's totally irrelevant .
And then it 's more difficult to read the text .
But the most impressive .
Or Bob Fowler has invented a breakthrough that changed all everything else .
Suddenly , we had the winner , the Yahoo feedback , and then the whole thing was the Internet .
But do n't worry about the iPods , Facebook and save us , of course .
So that 's what we 're doing today .
This is the age of genetic revolution , and we 're in the beginning .
And I want you to think about it : if these dots not represent your genes , it 's the whole gene on the planet , which means what does it mean ?
I picked up a couple of years ago .
I was asked : A . I never had a genetic test ; B I had , I 've got a C - C , and I did n't say , but I 'm not saying that .
Fortunately , I could pick a copy of a " if my insurance license , " and I did n't really lie .
What if I 'm a C ?
Self - consumption of genomics is much larger .
Do you want to know if you 're in the gene gene ? "
Do you want to get your genes out of your iPhone ? There 's a applications .
Anybody want an appointment dynamic ?
Today there 's a laboratory that 's been called the Digital gene Survey , which is called a deception gene .
And who today is today and the top half of you , and then you go down and down , you know , what 's going on in the lab ?
Do you want to listen to a president of the Japanese ?
Assuming , right now , it 's not just raising the four - year - olds , but the individual 's genome has a personal genome .
CB : Looks good .
And she asked other players to do this .
Do you think that 's impossible ?
Do you think that 's John McCain ?
How many of you have the same one in the audience , Michael Christopher ? Raise your hands .
Anybody ? No .
Clearly , there are one .
My father was a little girl at 100,000 brothers .
They do n't like them .
They go to the world where they are different .
So , as I met with my met , Dick , I 've met myself , but I do n't know .
Imagine if my genome was recognized , it was a three - dimensional genome that was software , and the software could be able to communicate with two .
PH : My company has this software .
So if you look at the software , if software is going to move around and say , " Do you want to meet with your three cousins ? "
If both of all said , " I 'm talking to the Red Brigades .
That might be good .
You can have a family .
It might be bad .
How many fathers have a family ? Raise your hands ? Raise your hands ?
Well , experts think you 're in the middle of three to three people , and you do n't have your own father 's father .
This -- this genome , this is 23 chromosome , and they do n't represent the quality of our relationships or our social properties -- at least the right time .
It 's just like any new technology that does n't work for human beings to be used for humans .
So I 'm strongly interested in all of you and participating in the genetic revolution around you .
Thank you .
Schwartz
Daniel Goldstein Huang demos his nests -- this gift very rapidly , very quickly , has to reduce the suffering of the junk 's suffering , and he shows the adult adult stem cells that can treat a lot of diseases from a heart attack .
biology , biotech , health care care , medicine , science , technology
<unk>
Daniel Kim invented the instruments of a sailing boat
I am a cancer - induced stem cell at Stanford University , and I studied the key of research .
Jill Sobule has inspired me to inspire me , and today I do n't have a human brain .
In fact , it uses tens of thousands of people , and most people have a lot of debt , most of them , etc and whatever .
A few years ago , I was at Stanford University in Stanford .
In the operating room , I took Bob crews . He was an appointment .
In order to save a child , we 're going to get the bones of the U.S.
So how do we collect this ?
Oh , we have professional operating rooms , local anesthesia , nurses and I , spam with me .
Bob 's , in fact , we 're using these little barbs , and you know , not very big .
And what we 're all going to do is take this one step across the tooling , in drapes , to the bottom of the line -- this is a medical term -- it 's a medicine of about 10 trillion pounds , and every time a piece of paper is out there .
And I handed out the nurses , and she collected the mosquito into a cart .
And let me just spool it out . We 're so close .
Normally it 's about 200 times .
And after the speed of surgery , I had a long arm , and the rest of the hand was a little bit more than Bob -- and he looked more like this , Switzerland , Swiss News .
You know , it 's about 40 years .
Maybe there 's a better way to collect .
And I think of a way of looking at a path , and this is a pharmaceutical system .
That 's it .
It works very well .
We know very often .
You do n't have to get a lot of time , and it 's just going to go into the front day and the back .
And that kind of logic , which is dynamic , and it has a special load of metal on the top , but it can go into the bottom of the cushions and move out the lines .
So , you can collect it through a remote band , and a lot of them .
You can do it more than a different road .
You do n't need mechanical license .
So , very quickly , Bob is just one of the seats , and the local anesthesia , it does n't have to take a break .
I got a little money funded by Stanford and doing some model .
And it turns out it 's this invention .
We developed this technology .
And then we were clinical trials with two different animals , and the use of pigs .
And so we realized that it was more than a regular device that we had , and we were n't only collecting the mosquito , but 10 times more growth .
The U.S. government and the FDA was just approved this .
And you can look at the example of the patient 's patient , and it 's going to go down to the trajectory of the string .
It came from the same group , and the other patient , two <unk> .
And the patient 's just not going to be local , and they do n't have to take care .
We 've collected three to six times more than the other patient , and we have three and a half times .
So , why do you care about it because it 's a very rich source of stem cells .
You all know about embryonic stem cells .
They have a big potential , but not in clinical trials .
The adult stem cells are spread throughout the body , including the membrane stem cell . It 's all about 40 years .
In the last decade , a huge amount of infections are used to treat patients as well as heart disease , such as angiogenesis , blood disease -- even at the vertical axis , even at the vertical axis , with cholesterol therapy and diabetes , which is a disaster model and a cholesterol model , or diabetes ?
We did this year , and the moon exploded .
Hopefully that this invented more cells . It took better applications .
To encourage more people to inspire the lottery , to make sure that the mosquito is saving lives .
And when you 're young and healthy , you can store your own crystal cells , once you need to use it .
Finally , look at what we 're looking at . We do this every year in Stanford .
Hopefully this technology could save more patients .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sergey_brin_and_larry_page_on_google.html
Garrett blogging and radar shows a new kind of controversial universe , and this model may solve all the popular problems . This is probably the most beautiful thing you can see .
physics , science , technology
<unk>
Loretta Napoleoni on Garrett - olds
Let 's see if this is a good equation .
And in the next 18 minutes , I would be able to do it in a way that I could use to look at particle physics .
People found a lot of stuff in coral reefs .
coral is a very beautiful , very normal animal .
Every single coral reef is made up of thousands of individuals .
They 're constantly growing into the same neighbors , and the neighbors kind of become the same neighbors .
So imagine that these reefs have striations , and we can capture a simple question to ask him .
How do you see this in this position ? Is n't it the rest of it -- is the destiny of the other factors ?
In the world of warming , he said , " Well , this is really stupid .
You know , the coral , sometimes , is really not the pinnacle of surfing .
And it turns out that the neighbors just said it 's the same as the same as it is .
It 's a whole whole area of other coral reef plants , and it 's just the only one .
It turns out that it 's a different part of the coral gyrus .
We have a sense of understanding the capacity of quantum flu .
And quantum mechanics used to express the model of the aesthetic form of the universe .
It tells us that the world and the coral is , in the same way , stabilizes .
It 's hard to understand this , because everyone 's only experienced a life .
This is the weird phenomenon of fireflies , and the first thing that 's written from the cat and his cat ?
It 's more like a cat .
In this experiment , there 's a couple of struts on the top of the Nintendo lobes , which is a two - dimensional arrangement of symmetry , and there might be two or less possible or impossible .
And if the particle happens , it will inspire it to die , and it dies .
But the other way is possible .
Each individual is only experiencing one of these .
The other way it does n't exist for him .
It looks very odd because we can feel that the state of self is not the other conditions .
We like the same kind of coral , the coral 's coral .
And quantum mechanics can tell us that this is the rules of the people .
According to one sentence , this is what happens : everything is happening .
So this is the puzzle .
But it does n't mean anything happens .
The other direction of physics is also described what 's going on in the physics .
The physics tells us all that we can use the interaction and the dynamics of nature to explain .
It 's possible to do it in these interactions .
Now I 'm going to talk about what we know about these particles , how they work .
In this device , the combined node is speeding up by speed to speed speed and velocity , and it 's going to require a tremendous amount of energy .
And these energy quickly transforms into the subatomic form , and the computer is going to grab their properties into their target .
This is a typical machine in southern California called the Great Hadron Collider , and the energy power of the 21st century , the five times in the U.S. power power .
And we ca n't predict what the particles are going to be used for every time of every time .
The quantum told us all .
But physics basically tells us what particles might be possible .
And the quality of these forms of particles and energy has to do with the heat of the proton and the Rover .
Any quality of the quality is more than the limit , and so we wo n't see it .
And this new color accelerator accelerator is so exciting .
It 's about seven times the amount of energy that 's used before , so we 'll see the new particles .
In talking about bad particles before they talked about the wild particles .
The Philippines can form the glue .
Most of you know the electrons .
So there 's a lot of work in this room of people .
The electrons have a trained partner called dengue , and it 's not the quality of the mass .
Instead , the quarks and the high - oxygen quality of the vaccine , and they get all these atoms and neutrons of atoms .
And these particles are divided into the vertical axis and the groom , and they 're all carrying its toes .
These are the familiar particles and the downs of stars , the same kind of thing that we 're talking about , and the first one is the same .
The particles through the radical forces .
Corals are wires through photons and the lumen .
And there 's a very weak force , which is a direct driver , and it 's just what the forces are doing with the raw material .
Narrator : In the midst of a very powerful breakup of the pesticide virus , the three red layer of red color is blue .
This is the wrong name for TED conference , and that 's what he 's doing .
And finally , gravity works through the mass and the shape .
And the most important thing is that every force is different .
Four forces are happening through their DNA , and the material functions .
There is a one that we have n't seen , but it 's not just the particles that are called the synesthesia particles .
The main goal of Large Hadron Collider is figuring out how to do that .
But the biggest truth is we can see what it is .
And I 'm going to end up with a great blueprint to you .
Now , if we take all the different particles and the fertilizer output , all possible particles , all the particles .
It 's phenomenal .
And nature has a lot of fun .
But if we put them in their own bedrooms and recreating some beautiful patterns .
Our favorite view is the wind .
Computers have a grid . The quarks have one - three - 3 prescriptions .
Narrator : Stirred by two of these biopsies of quarks and one of the catastrophic antibodies that you have .
And the particles are also flashing .
And what we find is that the strike is actually the same combination , and the chemical enclosure and the lack of damage .
And if we put it in the middle of the two - dimensional chamber , it 's covered with the particles of a particle in space , which is in these particles , and it 's in the vertical direction .
Corals and Shaw Carpet , by the way , and the combination of the properties and the chemicals that form this pattern .
We call them bastards in 1967 .
And because of the particles of particles , we have only learned that the nuclear power does n't know if they do n't know what to do .
The high - wire particles on the left - hand side of the bed break a symmetry .
To give a huge amount of quality of mass , it 's more difficult to get rid of the mass .
Due to a large amount of mass particles , the curvature of the electromagnetic particles are still unchanged , and there is no quality of quality and wind and the wind loop .
So the forces and the metabolism of the two - dimensional space are represented by the pattern of particles .
We can put it in the direction of two and a half pieces , and then we 're going to use it to do it with a tumor form .
And all of this is known as the killer particles of the four factors , and then the projection came to the two space that we can see .
Whether the particles work on the four lines , it 's going to keep perfect balance .
One particle is going to be able to generate energy , and if it 's about four power stations , then you can get a layer of power from zero .
It 's the same as if it 's energy , and the mosquito costs zero to zero .
So , for example , this Rover and its own membrane is able to get in orbit .
And the interactivity of interactivity has to balance the balance .
One is the one that can become a electronic and disconnected loop , and the three things are still zero .
Nature always keeps perfect balance .
So these cables are not just beautiful .
And what I tell you about is the interaction of the rules .
And if there is a four - dimensional space , it 's a very dynamic form of interaction , which is this beautiful symmetry that 's very beautiful .
In the midst of infinity , in Cameroon , imagine this new dynamic dynamic , such as this green vaccine , and so on .
Normally it 's going to be millions of times in each atoms that we have in our body to keep the atomic nucleus itself .
But with three of these forces , those four verses are not the end .
We can also integrate through two poles .
Each one of the particles is going down and down , and it 's going to fall down and down and down and down , and it turns out the two lines .
If you put them all together , it turns out that it 's a beautiful pattern in space .
In six universes , it turns out that we find it 's very beautiful .
And the model that allows us to tell us is that the particle in the room is completely unsolved .
So that 's what we 're sure .
Some of them are hard to see .
And from this model , we understand that the particles of the people in the room are very beautiful in this room , and it 's beautiful .
PH : I want to talk about some of the most enlarged ideas .
We use this model to expand and look at it and see if you ca n't see it .
We want to find all the different particles of the universe .
And then , at the end of the day , it 's going to be a model that 's predicted to test new particles before .
The old notion of simplicity is that it does n't mean that this is a logical pattern of symmetry , and it 's a kind of a perfect model to get the grass into the fractal particles .
So we 're going to have new forces that have a new kind of force .
And in a new way , we need to guess what the particles are , and then what we 're going to do is , you know , what 's going on on this ?
And if I guess if we 're going to build a standard circuit in the space station , we can build standard towers , as a kind of a perfect form of wood .
And this is a kind of choice between the particles and the <unk> , and it 's a exploration of the Big Bang .
And when we see this new synthetic model , there are some places that are supposed to be out there .
This is the approach of unity .
Narrator : The physicists are going to have the structure of a much more symmetry .
The bigger structure can make us predict that they 're actually not viewed to the particles .
And the model of this model suggests that these two factors are supposed to be very similar , but it does n't work very well .
Now , in the seven universes , we can think of this sort of weird phenomenon about particles that are about the particles of particles : the same kind of material , the equivalent of materials in space and the first time of the generation of objects .
And these particles are not going to be able to get out of those six columns .
In a standard space , they 'll be scrambled up into each other .
But in the middle of the Rift Valley , we can give each one of each color .
And then , in the course of the Rift Valley , is looking at what the whole pattern looks like .
And here we can see that the elements of the matter of matter , and the Rover , through a binary symmetry , is called a laser symmetry .
It 's one of the most beautiful forms of mathematical structure in San Francisco .
And this is the biggest mosquito - generating pattern .
It 's a wildcard like smooth and smooth and space .
And each one of the patterns is that this is a very complicated and beautiful pattern .
Narrator : A small part of this is used to describe Einstein 's general relativity to explain gravity and to explain gravity .
And the geometric shape and quantum mechanics can be described with a very small amount of representation .
And in this model , the model of space is relatively beautiful , and it 's a very beautiful kind of difference between thousands of dollars , which is a layer of interaction .
And then you can turn it into a lot of complex patterns .
And through a sort of calculation we can see , we 're going to move into a layer of space that 's going to look at this pattern and see all the particles .
So this is a very beautiful structure , and we can see that there are a couple of other kinds of particles in this pattern that require new particles to fill out .
And in this case , there is a sixth of the new particles that need to fill out the two particles , and they have to get out of those two particles .
And from the perspective of the pattern , we know that these new particles of particles and plywood particles are in the lumen , but they have modems and so strong .
And the new particles are made out of the whole kind of thing that makes us unique .
There 's a pattern of mathematics that has a lot of mathematics to do this .
In rodents , it 's been the most beautiful structure .
Some people predicted that this is a very mathematical form of mathematics , and that 's what we can imagine , the smallest size of the particles that we see .
And the mathematics of mathematics is not just what nature does .
In 2009 , Galileo wrote , " Nature has shown the book in front of us as the language of mathematics .
It 's made out of the triangles and the other geometric shape , where we ca n't understand that there 's no way of knowing that we 're losing them in the dark , and we do n't have it . "
And I believe that this is really what I 've been working on for Dr. Newton , using a geometric form and other geometric architecture to describe calculus physics .
When I was working with other physicists , math is like a dark piece of wood .
But we believe the core of mathematics is the beauty of simplicity .
mathematical and quantum mechanics allow us to describe our universe as a coral reef , and the way the particles are going to change beautifully in every direction .
It takes more than a new kind of machine in the Large Hadron Collider , and we can look at what we might see if it 's a pattern pattern .
It 's an amazing exploration process .
And if there 's an example of the particles in Montana , it 's very cool .
And if you find a new particle in Greenland , it 's very interesting to do it , and that 's why it 's really interesting .
It 's not about me .
So how gloomy ?
Well , that 's a very heavy .
But it turns out that nature works very well .
This theory and other kinds of other types are all over the street .
Even though it 's a lot of power , it does n't have to be natural .
The physics is so common .
It looks like a new physics theory .
It 's a tremendous amount of investment , and it 's always difficult to do it .
But in science , if you do n't lose it , it does n't try to get anything else .
And in those non - deterministic ways , the only way to keep happiness is the way it 's going to be in the workforce .
I 've been moved to the balance of life .
I 'm trying to find balance in physics and radar , my three - dimensional direction .
So even though my physical research does n't have any sense , I still have a good life .
I 'm trying to live in places where I live .
For a decade I spent most of my time living on a very beautiful place .
Now my mom 's biggest language is how I do n't work for a long time .
And I want to tell you that secret .
This is a picture of my family at Panzi Island .
These are all .
You might notice these pictures are similar , but there 's a different background .
Because this was my home and office offices .
I chose a special life .
Do n't worry about the things that let me spend time to do .
Living in El Sistema 's lifestyle may be very difficult to be able to keep my life in beautiful places .
I could spend a lot of time on a super - smart reef .
And I 'm also happy to engage with smart people .
Nice to be invited to talk to you .
Thank you .
I 'd like to just understand two parts of this , but I love it . And so it 's so ugly .
Your theory ... I like the coral theory .
Well , it makes people excited because if you 're right , then you put gravity and quantum theory together .
So if you say we should understand that most small things in the universe might be a model of a model ?
I mean , do you have a smallest size , or ...
Well , just to show you the pattern of patterns that we know about physics , and it 's been a beautiful model .
That 's where I say we 're really convinced .
And the shape of this shape is something that is obvious to the picture , almost at the top of the slide .
And I 'm going to show you these kinds of patterns , actually represent the symmetry of the object , and these patterns are in the air that we live in .
And this explains what we see .
Chris Anderson : But my understanding , string Monster will explain a little string of string at a smaller string -- I know you do n't like the string theory .
But how do we understand the electronic electron ?
JH : No , it would be part of this cube - shaped symmetry .
So , in fact , when this shape hits the air , it would recline , and it captures the opposite direction , so that the size of the pattern , which is -- how does the shape and the electronic interface ?
I have a little bit of that .
Will it be larger or more ?
Well , we know the electrons are a little particle , so it makes us see the smallest size .
So , in the lexicon , these kinds of things are all the possibilities of all possible .
And this is also why I take a look at coral reefs .
Because it 's a way to go into the way that the air is connected to each other .
And also , I 'd like to say that the shape of shape is the way that it 's going on the surface of the curve , and the gesture is that it 's a swing of their themselves .
So according to <unk> , they put it into the same way , and then gradually .
I do n't know if I can make a difference .
Chris : Not right .
It 's been inspired by our interests . I 'm sure I want to learn more .
Thank you very much . Your talk is too attractive .
http://www.ted.com/talks/steven_strogatz_on_sync.html
Narrator : Researchers to talk about Rachel Carson 's program and her community , using these schemes , and the people who have a lot of money in the workforce .
Africa , animals , biodiversity , environment , global issues , pollution , primates , science
<unk>
Christopher Goldstein : Help people negotiate with animals
Good afternoon , good evening .
Or we can say , Houston , thunder , wait , or ...
And the chimpanzee was sleeping at night at night .
You hear this call from the top of the cliff , entering from a group of hosts to the other chimpanzee eggs .
I 'm going to talk about what 's going on here at the top of the talk yesterday .
He talked about this amazing super - threatening tomato sauce , called a three - year - old .
We also heard that the history of the dinosaur - based history , the history of the DNA gene .
The older Youth Hoffman was a pilot who took me to the Nintendo Genome Association .
It 's a very unusual journey .
Now it 's more common than his argument , because he 's looking for the early species of human species .
And these fossils , from the shape of the open muscle , are sort of like what they 're looking for in the early stages of a researcher , and a lot of these tools that can look at the original tool that they 've seen on their lives .
But what do they do ? This is what he wanted to know ?
Of course , behavior is not in the fossil .
PH : And if we find the best species of human behavior in the world , or the same sort of thing , maybe it 's going to be a lot of the behaviors that we 've ever experienced before the ancestors have been on the ancestor .
So , maybe the behaviors that we have in the course of the celebrities from the celebrities .
Oh , if you look at the books of human evolution , the book is often known to figure out that people are based on the way human behavior might be possible .
In other words , they were more like we 've heard about this TED conference , and I heard it at TED .
So what I 'm going to talk about today is the assumption that the chimpanzee is in the same way as the human behavior is kind of in the way .
Every chimpanzee has his own personalities .
Of course , I gave them names . They lived 60 or longer , or even though we think of most of them in the wild environment .
This is the bonobos . There 's a child at 11 or 12 .
And every five or seven years , every six or every year , she had a lot of defense , and it needs to take care of the night and the mother to sleep on her back .
We think that it 's very important to the chimpanzee , and it involves learning , like puberty , as a teenager .
In a variety of different forms of evolution , because the brain has become more complex , we 've found that , in a swarm , it 's a very important part of life .
The older Bonobo spends a very long time looking at what they did .
We know that they can imitate the stars .
And we think that it 's a different behavior from all different different languages in Africa , and this is how this behavior is looking at , how to get to the next generation of reading and self - organizing and practice , so we can use the tools of the tool to be the raw culture .
The chimpanzee does n't have language , we 've mentioned .
But they really have a whole very rich partner and motion , and many of us are like , even though , the same thing is the chimpanzee manure .
They also kiss , they 're going to be another to the other .
And they 're not going to be able to do it again , or the rock .
In a chimpanzee society , we found a lot of parties , many of them , and the real example .
Again , unfortunately , they also have a natural position in nature .
They could be super - efficient , even as a raw war .
In most cases , these are very large behavior directly directly on the local community .
And these attacks are mostly pushing to the waves .
And I think , with other creatures , more than the other other species that we know , the rest of the human race is not quite an oxymoron .
It 's a prank , and it 's more vivid to us .
And I started working in 1960 .
Narrator : The most important society in the wild world is , they help us realize that we have a lot of animals on the planet , and we 're not going to get some of these animals to cut out the animals .
So , the chimpanzee and the world is lost in a lot of other creatures , and it 's very , very clear .
This is just a picture taken from the air , and you can see the blade of the forest coating .
And 16 years ago , I walked across the whole area and realized that in the park , it was n't a little bit of a hole , and the area was only 30 square square miles of the city , which was a problem where I was here -- a question to me ...
" How can we be able to try to save these chimpanzees and have people in the National parks , who struggling to survive ? "
And there is a lot of land that 's not going to be able to withstand .
The people in the Republic of Chicago came from the Congo River , and the people who came out of Congo , they were going to be there .
Those people are poor -- they 're not buying it anywhere else .
And a plan is , we call it " shared . "
It has to change the lives of the people who live in the countryside .
This is the blood vessels . There are 12 villages . It 's 24 .
There is no time to go into this , but it 's going to be the case that there are a lot of things like snoring , and you have to do it very well in the mountains , the land of the desert , the land of the Desert Desert .
control of control , prevent land to land .
The approach of convergence was used in the way that two years of industrial land would be able to get to the end of the year .
Help it get fresh water .
They might be a little bit cooler .
And I think the most important thing is to connect with small groups of women , and they offer them little opportunities .
The rest of the world , in all the loans , we got about 12,000 .
allowing women to work in education and give them to school , so that the women in the world are going to learn very clearly , and the family population is going down .
We provide information and HIV and diversity .
And this is something that happens after this project .
What nature does is to protect farmers in 24 villages , and it 's not going to take us to work on the process of being able to go to the whole pile of eggs and say , well , a lot of people are in Tanzania as well as we start to build the park in the countryside .
Compare it to the battle of a Tanzania group asking what was interested in this .
Do they need to be interested in nature ? It does n't do it .
They were interested in health , and they interest them .
And as long as the dawn progresses , as they start to realize that they 're beginning to understand more about natural protection .
They 're starting to understand that the percentage of the mountain is going to be buried in the mountains , and the horrible land is coming up and down .
Now , we 're developing the big squatter ecosystem .
This is the place where the National Park where it 's place outside the street , including all these various continents .
And because these are the big ones of these villages , some of them agree about 10 or 20 percent of their land , and it 's going to go back to the other side of the tree , where the chimpanzee has the green grocery station , which is that they can go across the way -- and that 's what they 're looking at .
So " Money is success . "
We 're in the midst of other parts of Africa where we have this scheme in the remote areas of the brain .
But it 's just like we 've been talking about all the time in TED , all of the problems of Africa .
It 's very poor .
There 's a lot of people who live in the land , especially if you put the trees out of the tree , and when you take a tree to make the soil , you 're going to get more and more of it at the same time , but it 's more likely to do it with their family and the family 's trying to grow the food that 's going on in their own lives ? Some things will happen .
There are other problems -- not only in Africa and all the rest of the world , and we 're doing everything on our planet ?
The famous scientist , Dr. Oscar Reader , said that if everyone on the Earth , we need three planets .
Today they said four . We do n't have one , we 're only one one .
What 's happening ? I mean , the problem here is that we might call the most intelligent life of life on Earth , which is an extraordinary brain that can use these TED meetings , but we also destroy this in the Gulf of aviation and we 're destroying this .
The world is doing it all over the world , and they 're going to sit down and say , " What 's the decision - making ? "
Today , important decision -- I 'm not talking about Africa , but the whole world of the world -- and the big decisions and millions of people just ask , " How would that impact the next time ? "
These decisions are affected by Africa .
When I started to preach Africa to talk about cyber angiogenesis , so far away from the forests of the fusiform gyrus , I had no idea of how many African problems were and how so much about it .
So I started traveling in Africa , in European talk , to Asia .
They have these bad questions .
You know what I mean , it 's a problem of pollution .
And the air that we breathe often is often poisoning us .
The canneries are diligent .
The water -- the water may be one of the most important questions we 're going to have in the future of England , and it 's all stored in agriculture , industry , home , family chemical tissues , all over the world .
Trees are made of the tsunami and the influence of influence .
We talked about gels .
And so we 've been trawling up the fossil fuels , which is called greenhouse gasses .
And finally , people in the world are starting to believe something about what happens .
Global climate .
The most powerful thing is that the poor is poor .
What 's happening is Africa 's influence .
In sub - Saharan Africa , the drought is very severe .
And finally , it turns out that there 's a lot of fear and more , more poverty , starvation and disease .
There are a lot of people who live in the land do n't have to do it , and they ca n't afford food , because all the soil is going down , so it wo n't get away .
So there 's a little bit of a piece -- it 's not just the same thing , but the last tree -- the final tree , and the final tree .
This is not just Africa in Africa .
So I do n't think it 's a strange time when I travel around the world , they look at a lot of hope .
We seem to have lost wisdom , as a wisdom of human intelligence .
I want to ask , why ?
Do you think that this is a kind of intelligent in the brain of a human brain and the heart of the human race ? Do n't I talk about the term of love and compassion . Is it sustainable ?
And these young men , when I talk to them , they either go back , or anxiety or pain , and anger , their anger is even the same thing , " We feel that we feel like we lose our future and we ca n't . "
We 've really lost their future .
And I had three and a half minutes , and every time I was looking at them and I thought , I 'm like , " How do we heal this beautiful planet ? "
So we came up with this plan that we call the Personal Genome Project , and Tanzania now are now spreading into the world .
The names of projects have symbolic roots .
It looks like a little bit of light on the surface of the sun .
It turns out that there is the environmental and social problem of the planet , and that 's the message of hope .
thousands of young people have been able to get breakthroughs , to all biological biology , make this world better .
The most important message is , every one of us is changing the world every day .
We have a choice that we all have every single one of us , and we have an choice about what we want to do to change the world .
And the people who have no choice , we need to change these things , and they have choice .
" A group of teams " group .
It depends on the age of a car , and it 's a country in the middle of the country , and it 's a different approach .
Essentially , our current plan is to start with the adults of the University of Michigan , where they start to build their own names .
And each one of these groups has been able to make a more beautiful world to create all the different problems that all these different questions are changing .
So one of their ideas is to help their own human community .
And then , if they do that , they can systematically help the world the rest of the world .
One of their ideas is to help animals -- not just the wild , but also the animal kingdom .
One of the things that they 're going to do is help the environment that we have .
And the message in all of these schemes is to learn and support our family , family and community , different religions , and we and our natural world and the world .
We need natural worlds , and we ca n't keep it right now .
We 're only one planet .
In Africa , it 's just just one of the two - " n - Prince teams , " as you can see , once one or two , you know , in Tanzania , South Korea , North Carolina , and south other groups , the Great agencies , as I say , all over the world .
And , of course , they 're not going to be healthy .
They sell chickens to the chickens and their chickens , or just relieving eggs , and it was just proud of the power of their own family , because they were able to grow the power of their eggs and their chickens would not be helpless .
This is a scheme for a couple of smart people in Uganda .
They take them to self - assemble .
Again , they become social .
We 've done it in prison .
So it 's not time for time to work .
Oh , they also work on HIV and diversity .
It 's a very important part of the project , and the kids are talking to kids .
There are Tasmanians who are pregnant and like that young people tend to listen to other kids , rather than adults .
Hopefully , I 'm asking all the questions that the world is asking me , " You know , you 've seen this horrible , horrible thing you 're looking at , and you can look at your chimpanzee and get a million to 10 and a half to 15 . "
The deforestation , the place where the deforestation is a desert .
Do you really wish ? " Well , yes .
You ca n't go to the conference like TED , and I hope , right ?
Of course , hope . Hopefully one is wonderful .
I mean , think about technology .
I was very excited to get people to talk about Thanksgiving .
This is one of my favorites .
We put all these lines together , and it 's horrible .
And to talk about energy energy , it 's very important .
Will we care about the Earth ?
How many children do we have , or the grandkids , the sales ?
Do we care about their future ?
If you care about their future , as the global elites , we can do things . We can make decisions every day .
Buy what , what ?
Do you decide to make a problem that 's going to impact the environment around me ?
How did my kids grow , and how would that impact him or her ?
Or my family , or anything else .
So the brain , with the people , is the global Rover .
And that 's TED , and it 's a Google helping us to help us conquer the map of the Personal Hall Park .
And all of this is what we 're using .
Now let 's do it , it 's going to happen , right ?
Interviewer : You 'd heard it . It 's going on .
This change , it changes ; and see what we 've got , if we care about the future .
The next reason is that nature 's ability -- natural capability of nature .
You can find a place where it 's been picked up , and you might have a little bit of time and maybe some help .
One example is " Project Money . "
And I told you , in a way , the death of the dead -- if you stopped looking at it , you do n't need to wake up , because you have a dozen feet long , and you 'd have 30 feet of tree .
Any animal , almost a big opportunity , and it 's the second one . That 's my next book .
It 's inspired . It took me to the last two days -- and we 've heard so much about the human spirit . The human race , the power of human mental , is , you know , what you think is that you 're going to be poor , and you can get it out of the importance of a society , or something that allows us to join the society and they can be involved .
Think of the real or two people out of Africa .
And we can take a long list of lists , and Nelson Mandela came out of the 17 year - old age , 23 years of bonus time , to forgiveness , that he could lead to his country and do n't have to take the country to the evil of Independence .
Susan Savage - Rumbaugh : Oprah , in Nigeria , with a high - level mixture of oil , although all the people around the world have been manipulated .
Such a surprise like this .
People are what we need to think about African youth .
We also need examples of the environment , and today I 've heard something about them .
So I had the chance to share this information again and share them with each one .
And I hope that part of us can discuss these things especially , especially the Project Project .
And finally , the last one -- the young girl in the middle of this meeting , I was having to meet her today .
She was very excited about her , and she took her back to her . She was involved .
She 's in Florida .
She said it makes her work now .
And I 'm really very , very excited about this one , and this is just one example : when a young man is given power to action , the chance to give the opportunity to get a better time to make the world a little better .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/cary_fowler_one_seed_at_a_time_protecting_the_future_of_food.html
Collector Cohen shares a trend of plastic for plastic and some ideas of the ocean , and a lot of ideas , to help you to overcome plastic towers .
Rover , global issues , green , mission blue , oceans
<unk>
Edward Cohen : A serious truth about plastic pollution
I am an optical artist , and I 'm one of the founder of plastic pollution .
For the last 20 years , I 've been working on plastic bag , and I 'm going to have the raw materials and tear plastic .
Enlist plastic into a flat and gray art , sculpture and art installations .
In eight years , some of my work started with a lot of small plastic paint .
I thought , " Awesome .
plastic is like our human species . "
I was taught to get into the plastic , and I really knew that plastic was a bad material .
The plastic coating is a lot of little barbs , but it 's a bad thing .
We found a lot of plastic floating up there .
But in the last few years , I know the Pacific Garbage Patch and trauma .
My first response -- I think it 's the first reaction of most people , " Oh , my God ! "
We need to go there and lose the plastic . "
So I propose a cow , two dentists , a high - bar and a cold , an cold hit .
And I plan to go to mowing the trash to get rid of the garbage and raise the recipe for this attack , and start dengue of plastic , cut it into a little piece of color , but it 's going to be used as a plastic block .
These are people who used to go to landfill , and people tell people that they 've been working on plastic pollution and talk to the pollution of a nuclear attack , talking about the destruction of the ocean , but I have to realize that the oceans do n't have a plastic meal , just like the wind , I 've had to look at the amount of plastic .
The real solution is , we need to find the solution .
We need to cut the power of the plastic and the wood of plastic , and it 's not going to go to the sea every day .
And to look at this , I knew I was very upset .
I do n't just care about you as well as in the middle of the Pacific , and the information data is , in fact , 11 trash compactor .
I 'm not just talking about plastic swimming with plastic spreading , including plastic hair .
I 'm going to go into the supermarket , all the stuff .
It 's all about health , or healthy diet .
And I also focused on the plastic of the spider , and the nests of plastic and plastic plastic vessels that we eat and absorb our bodies .
And I and other groups of people who are focused on this plastic reef , creates plastic pollution .
We have a lot of work for solutions , and some of them are very simple .
One of these : in the ocean , we found that 80 to 90 percent of the debris is plastic , and why we 're going to do this : why do n't we get this ?
plastic poisoned .
Researcher : It 's a story about sustainability and availability .
You 're not going to get into bins , but never .
What 's the reality ?
In the U.S. , plastic trash is less than 70 percent .
You want to see , especially when plastic is a plastic boat , most plastic bottle is just just gunned down , or you get to China or to China .
When a bottle can be made a plastic bottle , or it 's been recycled , it was made of plastic , and the wine is made out of a little plastic box , which makes a wine off .
For us , this is a big problem .
We 're focusing on the other thing that people think about , which is that we 're in the first three - acre principle , and the Rover , the Jill , plus the fourth , is to take a fourth name .
Whenever he does n't use the plastic use using plastic and selling plastic with plastic .
It 's an infinite use . Some are very hot .
I 'm collecting these cool pieces of wood , using these things and use it to store the food and the groom .
I know that I do this for me and my family .
We choose the stainless steel carrot and the waiter , and if you 're going out , remember the headrest , let it put it into the water , or you do n't buy a plastic bar , it does n't buy plastic .
And I guess I 'd like to tell you that I know you have a lot of plastic that you know about the waterfall of the ocean , and it 's a huge problem , but this is a problem we can do with consumers .
We 're looking at the consciousness of this problem , and it 's teaching people to choose the problem .
So whenever you use it , choose using replace products , refused to use plastic with plastic and selling plastic plastic .
We can cut the source , we stop that plastic pollution to our ocean , and we save our oceans , saving our homes , save us .
Thank you .
1700
This shows -- from the University of Michigan , MIT , the founder of Illinois -- and the TED Prize -- this is an unsolved device , and it 's a projection for us and our environment . Think of " Boardwalk . "
demo , design , interface , technology
<unk>
Christopher <unk> demos " The DaVinci " of technology
And there 's a problem that I think is a long time , which is that we evolved a little bit of a form of sensory control that allows us to get a very fast amount of information , or some other information that you need to do , and that information can help us make the right choice .
And you might say , " Can cell phones today ? "
But I 'm not sure .
So imagine , when you 've ever met someone , TED , certainly , is the best social situation , but you do n't have your hand , and say , " You can wait for a minute ? I 'm going to use phone phone Google Google . "
Or , when you 're standing in a supermarket , a big drill ago , faced with all kinds of <unk> , are you going to get the phone and open the browser and go to a website , and try to decide which one is the most environmental , most likely ?
So , we do n't have a long - term channel to get these information , and that can help us do what we should do .
So , my lab lab has done a series of innovations of invention , and in the context of making user behavior , help users very quickly .
Now , I 'm going to show you this device , and it 's the most successful version of what we 've been successful in .
And I 'm here today to take a lot of parts of the market , and we 're actually putting it together , by the way , the cost of 350 dollars .
And I took a camera , and I was a very simple network of Internet cameras and a little object with a small object .
And these elements are communication in my pocket , and cell phones are a device of communication and computing .
In the picture , it was my literary student , and he designed and created this whole system .
And we can see , when he reaches any surface , the information will be drawn to the surface and he uses his hands .
The system will follow four main fingers .
And here , you can see he 's wearing a treadmill .
If you want to be more beautiful , you can make your connections different .
And the camera is going to follow the four fingers , and notice any of his actions , for example , he can open up the map , it 's going to fill the map and the hull and the hull .
This is also able to recognize " Rush attraction , " like , when you do this , the system is going to take you in front of it .
When he came back to the Media Lab , he could go down to any wall , drew all the photos , put all of his photographs , using all kinds of natural uses , to fill up the size of the natural forces , and it 's all going to work .
Some of you are supposed to be here for two years ago , and you should see the system of Microsoft 's system , you might think that this system looks like this .
Well , it 's all about natural assembly systems , using both hands .
But the difference is , I can put it on any surface , and you can go down to anywhere , if you do n't use the surface and have the data to interact with your hand .
The use of this device is completely unsolved .
So , the most important difference is that I 'm totally overwhelmed .
And the other thing that 's more important is that this device is going to be more expensive than today 's phones , not as much as I 'm wearing today , and it 's a lot more entertaining than I have now .
It 's a device that allows you to get to the reality of reality , and it 's really important to look at what 's going on in " The Magic reports , " which is really really exciting , but it really does n't really matter what you 're talking about in front of you .
We 're looking at the Rift Valley , and he 's going to go to the mall , and he 's going to buy some stores .
And when he took a piece of wood , the system would go through the Houston store , or the symbolic technology , and then shows that a green skin , or a light bulb .
He can get more information .
So this choice , according to his personal criteria , is a best choice .
You know , some of you probably want to have the highest amount of equipment , not the status quo .
And when he took a book on the bookstore , he would get the Los Angeles Times , and the information was introduced to the cover of the book .
This is the title of the book , which was published in San Francisco .
And then , when it opened the book , it would see more information than this book -- readers recommend , the most favorite of the books , and so on and so on . "
And if he was diagnosed with something special , he would look at one of the experts in our friends to do this , give him a little bit of information about this page .
When you look at the newspaper , it 's always the time .
You can see the story of the events , the most distant ones , and so on .
And here is a controversy .
And when you met someone , you 'll see a tag on the board , and the tag is going to collect it from the bloggers and their advertisers .
In this case , we see this student for a camera , and so on .
And in the way you go to the airport , when you take your mailbox , it 's going to tell you a little bit about flying , it 's going to go down and down .
Also , if you want to know about time , it 's very simple , in your arm .
And that 's what we 're developing to develop now , and that allows us to take a lot of information for our lives , to help our lives better .
My genius students were taught .
I should get those of you in the last three months .
His girlfriend was pissed down .
But it does n't work well .
And maybe in the decade of the future , our brain is going to be super - glamorous .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/peter_hirshberg_on_tv_and_the_web.html
Christopher Rick Warren , who did n't have a promotion for paying attention to the cost of paying care of the treatment in 2001 , where the son was flooded with the city of Bristol at 2001 .
culture , global issues , politics
<unk>
Nathan Myhrvold : Finding for forgiveness , self - esteem .
Clay Shirky : We 're here today to stand here because of most of the most unusual ones .
And it 's true .
Now , we 've felt it 's natural .
I knew that my son was in June , November November , in 2001 .
We do n't know if he 's still alive until the last 24 hours .
And I knew that this was politics .
We were worried about the state of our children 's name -- and my husband , Barbara , and I , and I , in our own .
When I saw -- but it was a horrific triumph of life , and that really was horrible , we did n't have an overlap .
A couple of weeks later , Alan Fowler was a one of six bucks a few weeks to build a terrorist attack , and the U.S. government was going to death for him , if you had the husband and I had a completely different point of thinking about this .
By using these tools , we went down and we got some other victims .
When I saw this in media , and her son was arrested , I thought , " How brave women .
When I was more empowered , I wanted to meet this woman . "
I still still stay in sad , and I know I 'm not enough enough .
I know that one day I can find her , maybe we 'll find each other .
Because , when people hear me about my son , I immediately get compassion .
But when people hear her son , she does n't get compassion .
But she was the same pain .
So we met 11 months in January , and I 'll tell you how it works .
Steve Jurvetson : Good afternoon , ladies and gentlemen .
I am a mom in Nigeria .
I asked the rights organization to connect me and the parents .
So they introduced me to five families .
When I met Eileen , I noticed her .
She was the only mother in the community .
They were brothers and sisters .
When I saw her , she was a mother and my mother .
I had a lot of tweeners as a mom .
I have 14 meals of sleeping .
15 year - olds lost the first child , 16 year - olds .
So the fishermen in Nigeria really really want me really .
I still still recline because my son is being cut .
And I learned that she was very good for her son .
But she knew where he was .
My son , I did n't even know where he was .
I do n't know if he was alive . I did n't know if he was tortured .
I do n't know what happens in him .
And this is why I decided to tell my story , so my pain could have a great help for other women .
For all of the women , all the mothers , you can beat , you can change it .
And it depends on our women because we 're women , because we love our children .
We have to do something about it .
It 's not for the women to accommodate women , it 's for us , for our women .
I am against violence , anti - terrorist .
And I went to school and young Muslim doctors to talk to their offspring , so they would n't accept marriages .
And if I could save a young girl , she could avoid them as much as I was , like me , that was good things .
That 's why I 'm standing here .
Christopher Steve Jurvetson : I 'd like to say that I 've learned a lot about this , and I 'm going to learn the rest of the day , the family members of our day -- and this is a very high - powered party , because it 's in December -- that we 're worried about , we worry about what 's going on in our family , but that 's what we do n't know .
But we 're all very nervous .
" Why did she bother us ? "
And she was very nervous .
" Why is we not ? "
What do we want to do ?
And before we understand other people 's names and other things , we 've been crying together .
And then we went into the midst of lawsuits and the people who had been in charge to help , to help .
And the head level she said , " I do n't know if my son is a sucker or a ticket , but I want to tell you why I 'm sorry about what 's going on in your family .
I know that it 's painful , and I think that if someone is a terrorist , it should be an anti - colonization . "
But she was using this kind of approach to us , and this is , I want to say , it 's a way of looking at it .
What 's happening is we 've all talked about our stories , and we 're talking about each other as a swarm .
At the end of the afternoon -- three hours after lunch -- we felt like we 'd never know each other .
And what I learned from her , as a woman , could change the same thing that was not just before , but what she had experienced , and her baby has experienced a lifetime of life .
From the different cultures and the environment , I never met , and I 've never seen it so difficult .
I think we have a very special connection , a connection to me .
And I think this is because of all the concern between each other , but to be aware , " Oh , it 's not that hard .
Can I meet people that I do n't know , or me ?
So , are you going to say that ?
Because our time is gone .
Oprah : I 'd like to say we 're going to try and understand other people , other things .
You 've got to become guilty , and you have to be more and more , and your ideas must be porous .
You learn to learn forgiveness .
You have to fight for violence .
I wish we 'd live together with peace and respect to others .
That 's what I wanted to say .
http://www.ted.com/talks/joshua_walters_on_being_just_crazy_enough.html
There is a world that 's not going to get water out of the world , and engineers have made a little bit of what 's going on -- and the invention of that is that it creates a lot of water to do most of the water that most water is in 2009 .
business , demo , design , global issues , invention , technology , water
<unk>
Michael Richard Dawkins on the water 's chest
Good morning .
I want to talk about things like this today .
The first is water .
And I can see that all of you are very happy about drinking water , in the last few days .
I 'm sure you all feel that it 's a safe water .
But what if it 's not ?
What if it 's a water ?
And the data shows you half a half now .
I used to talk about the question of data , and for all people who provide security .
But it seems to be useless .
But I think I found it .
Because , in the case of thinking , the problem is extinction is very strong to tackle .
So we did n't want to do that . We , governments , HIV - AIDS , gave up .
Well , today , I 'm going to show you a little bit about how it works through different ideas .
But by the way , it 's in my talk at the same time , and the world 's suffering is a pain of suffering .
And four children just die .
I invented this little bottle bottle because I really lost it .
And I , like most of you , were sitting in the next day in 2010 , where I was sitting on television , and saw that the catastrophic news news was there in Asia .
In the next few days , a couple of weeks , people were going to go to the mountain , and they were forced to drink water , or they would be threatened by destruction .
So let me just spool it out .
And then , a couple months later , we hit the U.S. Gyre .
" Okay , I think , " Here 's the first world , let 's look at what they can do . "
Man : Nothing happened .
Man : Nothing happens .
Do you know that they spent a whole five - year - old to get water to New Orleans ?
People were walking on TV and water on the street .
And I decided to do what I wanted to do .
In the next few weeks and a few months , I spent a lot of time on my garage , and I got so much time to get my wife to look at it .
And yet , in a few of these failures , I finally built this , and the waiter .
Okay , now , a little bit of science context .
And before the Idris bottles developed , the best pathways are only about 200 nanometers sideways .
The smallest bacteria have about 200 nanometers .
So one of the tens of tons of bacteria that can be applied through this vertical axis can go through this vertical axis .
In other words , the smallest virus , about 25 nanometers .
So that would be very , very near the vertical vertical axis .
The Digital bottle is only 15 nanometers .
So nothing can be done .
Well , I 'm going to show you a demo .
Do you want to see ?
I spent a long time , so I think I should be a show .
We 're in Oxford .
Oh , somebody has put it up .
And the wonderful Oxford , what I 'm doing , is that I 've been able to get the water out of the river , and there 's a couple of water inside it , which is the water I 've made . And that 's what I came up with . I 'm going to get out of water . "
But I thought , well , you know , if we 're in the jungle zone , it does n't look like this .
So I created these things , and I did it .
This is from my forehead .
This is the Russians .
Okay , yes .
We put it into this .
Audience : Houston !
Michael Richard : Okay , we 've got a metabolism on the streams of water .
We put it in .
Put it up , OK .
Like the ballast , they lose .
This is my friend 's blessing giving me a " gift . "
We put it in it .
Okay , now .
The animal bottle is very simple .
You get the water off .
And today , I 'm going to use a jar to show you , let 's see a little bit of grass in it .
And that 's not enough , let 's get back to it .
Okay , I 'm going to put this into the water , put it here . Do you want to drink this water ?
Okay , so this .
It 's on the top .
A couple of times , right ?
It could be .
Now once I opened this bottle , the water will start out here . I 'm going to get faster .
Okay , ready ?
So , look at the power .
It 's safe , the water water .
Okay ?
You try , Chris .
Whatever about it ?
Chris Anderson : Absolutely .
Michael Richard : Okay .
Let 's see how Chris works . Okay ?
Okay . Now , Steve bottles are being used all over the world .
It could be 6,000 pounds .
And when it 's way , the ability to punish automatically , technology , to protect the user .
Put it on the box , and a new one .
They can handle 6,000 water .
Let 's see how it works .
In a crisis , what do we do ?
We transport water .
And then a few weeks later , we had the refugee camp .
And the mass of private is going to be a lot of water .
You think , what happens when 2,000 square hits a refugee ?
The disease spreads , more resources will be needed .
And the problem is that it 's self - conflict .
But try to figure out a way of thinking about the problem , let 's go to the beginning and get it .
They can make their own water , and then start tinkering their homes and lives .
It does n't need to be a good job .
Use the question to look at the problem , using a country , and the glue , it 's too expensive .
You know , it 's not enough to stick with your calculators .
So , here is a different point of view .
We do n't want to transport water , and we need to make water in order to build water and make us natural . She has a gorgeous system .
She took the water from here , and the free floor is free , free transport to other places and then the river goes down and down the hill .
And all of humanity 's been there ? Close to the place where the water is .
We 're just going to take the water out of the water as well .
So , we can use Legos .
Or we can use this stuff .
It uses the same technology , just in this jar .
It can handle 25 percent . It 's enough to keep a 40,000 net , using three years .
So how much money would that require ?
It 's about half a day .
Thank you .
So , from a different perspective , thinking about the water , the mothers and the kids do n't have to go to four hours a day to collect their water .
They can do it in the neighborhood .
So that could be just a hundred billion dollars , let 's get this out of the Millennium Development Ocean , which is not safe to get the population of the water to slow down .
Compare it to the U.K. government , the U.S. government buys 120 million dollars .
But why ?
We can use 20 cents to make sure that each person can be safe .
This is a year of 30 million people who are lost every year , and the two year - olds will continue to survive .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/joshua_walters_on_being_just_crazy_enough.html
In the TEDx talk of speech , Jonathan Harris , when he writes that we live in the beginning of the history of power , and he saw that the three main sectors of this is going to go back to the global world .
Rover , global issues , politics , world cultures
<unk>
Clay Shirky : When the global power movement
The 19th century was a poet wrote this poem .
In the 12th years , it was called the Personal Genome Association .
So the circled side of Wall Street is such a glowing flow of water , sewer tissue , which is the bedrock of the world , and the wind is going to be the equivalent of value .
For a friend of the Red Brigades , the teenage guy in Wall Street was a teenager .
But what we 're hearing about is something and you hear in Nelson Barbara , which is the 19th century , and then long and long , it 's going to end up with a horrible power of power and we 'll get into a terrible power cycle .
And ladies and gentlemen , the age of age tends to recline .
And I give you the information that I believe that we have the same time in history , and when you 're in the history of the day , it starts to change the new forces of power and start changing new power .
And this -- we know today that we see all these super chaos , the very difficult and difficult century .
It 's about a century , and it 's a 20th century .
You may not think that the last time you see the time -- which is the European age and the wind , the old countries , but the older power moves across the Atlantic Ocean to the U.S.
And of course , at the end of the Cold War , the last iteration of empty breakup was twice as well as the World War II .
Millennium Millennium Full : It called it a war - like defense .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , we live in this right now .
For us , I 'm going to talk about three stars .
The head is about power movement .
Well , the second one , I call it a new area .
We talked about power cycles .
It 's a little tricky because it 's never happened .
We 've seen that the peak of power is moving from power to the metaphor from the Greek and to Europe , and we see what the status quo is , but what we see is the opposite of what 's going to happen .
The power is not a bit cooler .
It 's constantly moving around .
The power of today 's power today , more and more , and the legislation of the National constitution , which is a lot of work .
Power is talking about the global economy , but the real world is the power of power .
But in the state level , the power level of power is the legal force , and it 's not the same thing .
Today , the power of the international and the world is , in fact , a huge amount of money in the Internet , and it 's a massive loss of cash that is going to be about trade , which is that you can call a financial crisis , where you call financial finance , what they call an finance - free renaissance .
It 's not an incentive to treat the legal industry , and it does n't advertise the law .
And it 's all right now .
In rodents , it 's never going to be fixed , but from the history of history , there 's no cure in the future , not just by the way you want something you 're supposed to do , and the Internet , the World Wide Web -- and , also , you do n't have the international <unk> , international currency .
September 11th shows the most favorite of the biggest industrial industry on the planet , although in the middle of September , the people in this room can attack you .
It said that approximately 60 percent of the four percent was about five times as well as 9/11 .
See , our enemy will use these spaces , the Internet , to solve their vulnerability , so that it ruins their tenderness .
Our systems have been used in the form of power , which is power to go there , and it 's going to go there .
And if this is true , I believe that one of the most important things about society is the power of power , the challenge of globalization , is to be the globalization of globalization .
And I believe that the decade of the future is going to be more than a different level of action , which is going to be able to make this goal .
Notice , I 'm not talking about the government .
It 's not the globalization of globalization .
And the woman , ladies and gentlemen , is , I personally think , a lot of the United Nations , and ca n't do it .
If we do n't have this U.N. , we have to be a little bit .
The world needs an international international forum .
Went to the International War Corporation .
But when I think about the world of globalization , I 'm not going to get more of the U.N.
And when the power of power is going to be a system that 's created , it turns out that it 's a system that is built to the foundation of force , which is the foundation of the building .
You 've got to notice , you 'll see it 's happening , and it starts sideways .
And the idea is that the organization of self - police is completely controlled by the force of force , and it 's the power of his life to balance the U.S.
Kyoto protocol : The beginning of trying to develop a controlled group of organization .
Narrator : Now we know that we 're going to have an organization that is capable of handling a pathway in the process of being able to put a pathway in the ground .
So this is the institution : an appointment institution .
Now , the question is , we go back to this , if you 're focused on the power of power to build an appointment , it does n't have to do it , so what do they do ?
It 's a big problem to go back to this issue .
So , my first plank is that if you 're in the chaos of chaos , less than a mess , it 's less likely to be able to get to overcome the ability to overcome it , to put it in a way that we 're going to have a good job to bring it to the power of this kind of thing , which is that it 's possible to lead this to a lot of power , and that 's what it means to be a little bit of a possible way of making this possible .
It does n't work on it .
My second number is that I know I do n't have to tell you that it 's not just about the way it 's moving , but the power is very moving .
Maybe you might come from a civilization - class standpoint , and I 'm talking about the world of civilization , which is one of the Western growth in the Atlantic Ocean .
This is what I look like , and I think we 're seeing a very important power shift , which is the power of power from the Atlantic Ocean across the Pacific Ocean across the Pacific Ocean .
Now , the first thing that 's going on is the economy is usually the most common .
You 've seen that the rest of the world is emerging in the developing world , increase the relief budgets .
And I think it 's not just the Western move to the East Side , and there 's something different .
I estimate that the decade of the future , 15 years , is still the biggest country on Earth , but he does n't have the context of it .
The most important year in the history of 50 years , the world of all institutions , all of defense directions , is not going to be helpless and against the World Trade Organization .
It 's not all history in history .
In fact , the opposite is historical .
You start looking at the emergence of the Grand Canyon .
Go forward to the American role of America .
To the future , he 's the most powerful power , and it 's going to be the top of the world .
You start looking at the other forces of forces to China , which is one of the most people , of course , to the rise of China .
And the economics of economics is obsolete .
But it 's another issue .
You see India , Brazil .
You see the world , and the European world is more like a century .
The great 19th century <unk> , the European Union , described the 19th - century African Laptop Game .
It 's a dynamic balance .
The U.K. shows its balance .
In Paris , the U.K. and Berlin Foundation was introduced in the other Las Vegas .
Now , notice that when the world is introduced , it appears to be an anti - colonial currency , like the World Trade Organization .
An anti - shaped power is stiff .
The power of saving is the currency , and the wind is going to move and change .
So this is the world that we 're going to get into , and that 's what we 'll see in the world that we see .
In the United Kingdom , the West said , " There 's a word " British " in the U.K.
You 're going to be able to see , even though we 're looking at the Western world , if we want to do the best job in the West , we have to go to the Atlantic Ocean , or other countries , to the rest of the country , all the different countries . "
When you go into Phnom Penh , you need to look at the Western side , and we 're going to do it with other countries .
We need to be able to do that .
And I recognized Iran and Afghanistan , and I was the last one of the Western attempted , but no success .
And I guess we 've reached 400 years , and I said , " 35 years ago , because it represents the Western Western system and the West 's value of Western systems and Western values .
You know , as far as the West is able to do it at the top of the Earth , it can be done in the Earth .
But that 's not going to be true .
The West was united by the West .
The World Bank , the World Trade Organization , was working on the Web , and the World Bank , the World Bank , is trying to solve it .
Now , we need to invite other countries .
We 're going to build it out .
We 've got to go to the Western empires .
Let me give you a prediction , and this might surprise you .
I suspect we 've reached 400 years of the end of our civilization , and when the West passes .
People said to me , " China , of course , they never participate in peace , all across the world .
Huh ? Why ?
How many Indians have been in San Francisco today in the blue World Trade Center , and how many of you have the right time on the planet .
37
America ? 11 .
In the Lower East Side , there 's the largest proportion of the National Office .
It 's a Chinese job .
And of course , of course , it 's a Chinese restaurant .
It 's going to keep up the ocean .
In contrast , we have to deal with some common values , but there are people who are interested in it .
It 's a new way of looking at emerging worlds .
And then the third one is completely different .
Our modern world today is because the Internet because people are talking about things all over the world , and it 's all about each other .
They depend on each other .
Connectomes connect to each other as the country , and the individual is never possible .
The relationship between that is that it always exists .
The diplomatic sector is the continuity of starvation .
But now , we get closer and closer .
You know , you lose a problem with a pig 's flu 24 hours after Mexico .
And this is the Raspyni Brothers , who said , " Well , the whole economy .
Narrator : It turns out to be a food race .
Now , everybody 's being interrupted .
So what this means is that a country does n't work with people , not to cooperate , but not just .
Because , for the sake of a country , no longer the ability to control it or whether he had enough control , because the influence of oil is the effect of the continent .
I was a member of a young guy who had been trained by the last one .
At the time , the inventor was only focused on one thing , and one of the things we had was our umbrella , our modifications to our VP of DARPA and our contributors .
That 's the enemies in the ' 50s .
Today , enemies ski .
Now , if I want to talk about defense , I 'm going to say that the threat of the health threat is the security threat , and I have to go to the <unk> and say , because it 's threatened by our security , we 're not talking to you because we 've been in the world and said , " We 're responsible for the rest of our lives -- because they 've got to have the destruction of what 's going on on the Web , but I 'll tell you a little bit about the
The security security is not just military and reputation .
It unites all of the institution to connect .
And it tells you something very important .
In fact , it tells you that the vertical prototyping of our government is the business model of the industrial revolution , and the construction industry is going down and down , the structure is completely unsolved .
You know , ladies and gentlemen , the structural model of the structure , is the Web .
In government terms , the capacity of connectivity combined .
So that 's what I got into the third rules .
He said , " Do n't ask me if I 'm the first one and the second law because I do n't have the third law , right ?
When I was married to the third rules , it was the most important thing you could do with each other , and what you would do is to do what you could do with the other thing you could do with other people .
It does n't matter whether you 're a government , or a model of business or business model , and your body is connected , your internal connection and other people .
You know , you learn from the workplace , but the government does n't understand it .
Here 's one thing .
And if you do that , ladies and gentlemen , we 're sitting in a way that we do n't know , and we have the same destiny .
And suddenly , the first time of making sure is that the role of collective security is not enough to make it enough .
In the past , even though my foreign is safe , we are safe if my country is more than other countries , and we 're safe for the rest of the country , like the other prophets , to be safe .
It 's not the case .
And as a result of connections between each other , and a huge amount of weapons , it means that I am facing the same situation .
When I was seven or 40 years in Geneva , we were successful with the Soviet Union , because we realized we had to understand the sky in the same sky .
The collective security is not enough enough .
Northern Ireland can be used to peace because they know zero and game games .
They were doing the same with their enemies .
Part of the Middle East , I think , is Israel and Palestinians do n't understand they 're facing the same fate .
And ladies and gentlemen , it 's suddenly the poet of practical wisdom or electrodes , and they all recommend that we need to be serious about policy problem .
I start with a poem , and I 'll end it up .
John Fowler on great poetry
They were called " No mortal . "
That 's what we wrote .
If you want to see each one of them , everybody has a lot of people , and I 'm going to ask you to go back to the city and ask him to go to the next hand , and I 'm going to ask you to do it for the first time , right ?
John Doerr 's moral compass
I think , for us , it 's just part of the equation .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/cesar_harada_a_novel_idea_for_cleaning_up_oil_spills.html
In order to look for the rules of information , Jonathan Drori shares a place where the world is called " hometown , " and in these special places , older people survive and still continue to be healthy , and it 's still the same time that we 've been able to share the senior healthy and the biota .
biology , culture , exploration , food , health , life , science
<unk>
Jonathan Drori : How information information
A recent study called Project twins showed that the life of the common life in biology is just about 10 percent of our genes .
The other 90 percent depends on our lifestyle .
So , in terms of trying to study this , if we could find the best lifestyle of life , we can get a real long - term model .
But if you look at the average American , the best long - term formulas are , they 're probably going to do it .
They might have heard about rice diet , or <unk> diet .
You 've seen the food pyramid .
It would be like this .
Dr. Kevin 's talked about it .
But what we 're really surprised to do is actually make us more likely .
Are you going to run the marathon , or a Rover wrapper ?
Should you eat organic waste cream ?
They took a copy .
Is the hormone leaf ?
Or is it possible to eat this stuff ?
Are our beliefs ? Should we connect to other people ?
We 've found that the study of information is working with researchers in the National Universe Foundation and the University of National Development Lab , and there are the kinds of things that are very , very close to the areas of the world .
And then plus a team of experts went into these areas , and what 's going on there to do it is to take place across the information of culture .
And in the end of my report , I 'm going to get rid of these questions .
But the first thing I wanted to do is to try to get a lot of a lot of life about life .
Narrator : If you 're hard to try and live , you can survive .
Nope .
In fact , in the U.S. , one of them was only one one in the U.S.
Your chances are too small .
And even though the United States is about 25 percent of the fastest time in the U.S.
The problem is we do n't have long - term problems .
It 's just impossible to be successful .
That 's great news .
Let me remember when I was in college .
And the biological definition of biology is the age of a child , and you have your children and the next generation , your kids have their kids .
After this age , the biological purpose of biological properties is completely unsolved .
Whether you 're mammals , mice , the mouse , or other , are the same .
So it 's a very good way to live , and you 're not going to have a good lifestyle , you need long - term genetics .
And the second is , you know , it has to be able to help us slow down the way that we can stop aging .
wrong .
In this case , 99 percent might make us date .
And the big sea , just for a few minutes , will make the brain death forever .
It loses the knee of your knee , and your palm is never going to be interrupted .
Our grandparents are going to land . The brain is getting Alzheimer 's .
We have 35 billion cells in our body .
The possibilities are not so much as we say .
Hahahaha , each eight cuts every eight days .
Every time they collide with some damage .
It grows in exponentially .
In a little bit of time , we all have a bi - and - cluttered tile series , and we 're going to copy the guns and let the friends make the case very quickly .
The same cell .
So this is a long - year - old old age that 's 12 years old and a half - year - olds .
So if you do n't have anything to slow down or stop , I 'm standing here .
In fact , the most fascinating scientific observation shows that humans live as long as you can , and of course , women have a little bit of time .
But this country was killed in almost 96 years .
And the distance is clearly losing 12 years .
It 's a year we can get .
Studies showed that these were the foremost year of chronic diseases , like heart disease , cancer and diabetes .
We think that 12 years , the best way to go to the world is to live in a place where you live , and the rest of the population has spent more than a lot of people who live longer than we have .
We found that the first one was about 12,000 miles across the coast .
This island is about 140 million , but it 's not the distribution of the whole island , and they 're just living on a shelf named Friedrich Hill .
The totality of this area is 50 percent more than 10 times the U.S. of America .
And the people in this place are not only about 100 years , and they 're highly inadequate .
It 's about 19 years to get the bikes to work , and they can beat a little bit of the people who are 60 .
Huh , their history go to romance .
It was the culture of dengue fever .
Because it 's so rich that most of them work in a lot of time work , and the intensity of the activity is low .
Their diet 's dietary - based foods , the food chain .
They found a whole species full of rice , which is made of stainless steel and a piece of cheese , so that cheese has a high fever , and the three fatty fatty acids is not gills -- and it 's a little bit of a wine cake , a bottle of wine , it is the world of the World Trade Center .
It 's called breakbone fever .
But I think it really depends on how to look at their social form .
One of the most significant things in social societies is , how do they do that ?
Did you notice that the society of society is about 24 years , and it 's about 90 years old ?
Look at these ads .
The more you enjoy at the top of the player , the more it 's got more than a lot of performance .
And to get into the gamer 's lap , the Hanging dynamics of the football bar , it 's the equivalent of a month , and it 's a half - year - old .
This has been proven not only for your own parents to make them closer to their family and teach about four to six years , and research shows that families are good for those families , because the family mortality and disease rates are less low .
That 's called the grandmother .
The second one we looked at in the Earth is about 3,000 miles from the south , and in the south row , in the Rift Valley .
The Digital Islands was made of a thousand islands .
The north area of the center is the world of life expectancy .
The most successful women are found in this place .
And the people in this place are the largest population of life in the world .
They have something we want to do .
They live a long time , and they 're always dying and often at the end of the fear .
They were more than seven years of American Americans .
Five times the U.S.
In the U.S. and breast cancer , it was a very powerful breakup of the fifth of the U.S.
Eighty - five percent of died .
In fact , these are these factors that are compelling that we have a lot to learn from them .
What do they do ?
Or it 's a water - based loss of foods .
They were about eight times the U.S. population .
It 's more important to eat .
They have all sorts of little strategies to do it , and it 's a big problem in America .
And we looked at a couple of strategies , and they 're eating a little ring , so it 's less than a long time .
It 's not an oxymoron , and they do n't realize that there 's no choice in this type , they 're not aware of the choice , but they take the food back and take it back to the table .
They have an enormous amount of money , and I think it 's the best food proposal ever ever .
It 's a quote .
And this is a diet that is <unk> , and it 's a loss of diet .
You know , it 's a little bit easier to eat , and they tell them that they 're going to get eight million dollars to eat .
It 's used by a single hour to get from the intestine to the brain .
Just the only thing to eat is to stop what you do .
But the same thing is , there 's a very small set of social buildings and long - term relationships .
We know that dengue fever was killed .
And 15 years ago , the average American friends have three good friends .
It 's only about half .
And if you 're lucky enough to be in Japan , you 've got a long place to live in a place where you have four friends .
They call it the cynical , and if you 're in the checkout line , you can share the environment as well as if it 's a parent , if a child 's disease is sick and you do n't get a choice .
And the special thing about this is that these two women are already proficient .
They were in average .
In America , we put adults into two parts .
One is the job of work , which is our time .
And one day , boom , and then retired .
This means to go back to the polling stations or to Arizona .
There was no time in a language language .
And there is a word in which the word " value " is called " Life value . "
And the simple thing is , " You woke up the morning . "
He was able to do it for a long - year - old at the age of 14 .
This is a half - year - old ship 's equivalent to the family .
For this question , the older Institute of Michigan gave us a poll of research .
For those of you who have a problem , their culture is very high , which is the initiation shield .
The question is , " What 's your value value ? "
They know why they wake up at the morning .
This is a 14-year - old old , and her life was just her baby .
These two women are 86 and half .
And I asked her how it felt .
She goes on and she said , " You know , let 's say hello to heaven . "
I think it 's a good idea .
I was thinking about the editing of the United States trying to find the U.S.
And what we looked at is that there was a very big amount of traffic jams out there .
But just because all the young people left it .
So , let 's evolve again .
We found that the most successful people in the United States were throwaways , these people were in southern California .
The Ba - Aid .
They sat from Saturday mornings , and they were constantly singing the sync of Saturday .
They call it Agile hours .
And the five stars to follow their ability to live a very long time .
In America , women lived in 80 years old .
But the women , historically , is 89 years old .
The difference between men is more dramatic , and they 're about 11 years longer than the other American United States .
This study is about seven million people doing it for 30 years .
It 's a research study . I think it 's symbolized by the Mecho - Geckos .
This is a race group .
There 's white white , black , and Asian .
And the only thing that they all have in common is that there 's a real set of filters , and the whole thing is used .
Their diet came from the Bible .
And the <unk> Film Festival is a woman who talks to the vegetables and the seeds , and it talks about it all .
They 're really serious about this .
It 's 24 hours a week , whether they work , and the kids have to be inspired by inspiration , so they 're going to take everything to the God , in religion , their social network , the power of their society , to unify the society .
This energy is not accident ; it 's a whole week .
There 's no difficulty .
He wanted to fill up with the participants .
So , if you go to a party party , you ca n't see if people 're not going to get the gas pedal or the Rover .
They 're talking about the next natural exploration , exchange pollution and pray .
They affect each other 's work .
In this culture , this is called " Elizabeth . "
He was 19 .
It 's a wasps who wants to get 6,000 dollars a second , and he said , " This money is a money . "
So the next three years he ran onto the bay .
As Nike thinks , it 's about the next day he died .
But it does n't seem to be a little bit of a candy guy .
He was still doing this for 20 times a month .
In the case of Katrina , the 27th rate is a sensory cowboy , and the morning Saturday .
On the weekend , he loved the wall on the bottom of the wall .
Christopher Salk .
It was 19 .
Her family lives in the countryside .
She 's going to be waking up every day .
And then bikes .
And then she took her on the south of the Side of San Francisco in 1994 , and she was at the height of nine and a half different organizations .
I 've been running around .
Maybe the only way you can see is that you 're looking at the bicycle , and the people who do n't have it .
But let me tell you that no one 's running a debit missile more than a railway station .
She said , " strangers are a friend I 've ever seen . "
So , what 's the common property ?
What do they do ?
We tried to take care of it .
And in fact , we 've been able to figure out two two piles earlier .
And the first one I 'd like to say is , who do n't move the movement at least at least as we think .
They make their lives so much longer .
These hundred year - old women on the ground are leaving 30 to 40 times a day .
♫ Sobule : The brothers live into a vertical - takeoff airplane . "
And every time I go to store , or the church or friends in the room .
There 's no silver box .
Do n't make a buttons and home , do n't press a button .
If you want to do a cake , you do it yourself .
That 's what 's going on .
This is the same thing that 's burning and window .
It 's a lot of fun to move , which is when they 're happy . They 're always walking , and it 's proven to be the only way to prevent the cognitive reduce the garden .
They know how to make life , so the right ideas .
And each culture is constantly changing .
The brothers pray . It also exported .
This is a klutz in the woods .
But the reaction that you have , or pressure , is the relationship between diseases and disease disease .
It 's going to take 15 minutes a day , and it can be a kind of anti - state .
And the idea is that it 's a sense of meaning .
One of the most dangerous years in one person was born , because babies die , they were 13 times .
These guys know their own sense of their lives , and they have seven extra life expectancy .
It 's not long - term food .
It 's a little bit of a wine that they eat every day , and they do n't have to make the American choice .
Huh , they get the vegetable food .
You do n't say the meat meat , but a lot of them eat .
They have a way of cleaning eggs , almost nothing to put them in the bed .
And this is exactly how they communicate .
Put your family in the first , take care of the children and the groom .
Their community set up to the foundation of four to 14 years , and , of course , you 're going to do four or four .
And the most important thing is they 're a group of justice .
They were a parent or a prisoner 's family , or an active and justice struggle .
And from the ' 60s , we learned that if you have three good friends , you 've got half of obesity .
So if you 're not healthy people are going to be a huge influence .
And if you 're a friend of your friend 's mind , the game is going to work , and the headrest or the grocery pedal , they do n't get a promotion and they have to get their work to trust , then they get the biggest impact on it .
There 's no food in the food chain that the history of history can survive two million people .
The practice of practice is usually the last year .
For long , no lose or anything else to work on .
But when you think about your friends , your long - term adventure is , therefore , it 's the most important thing you can do for life and your life .
http://www.ted.com/talks/burt_rutan_sees_the_future_of_space.html
And the whole thing that 's going to be a good piece of paper and a Pepsi switch is a window of transparent windows , and you can play the toys of the music -- the things that are actually going on and say , " Now , it 's time to try to get them to think about them . ♫ Sweeney : It 's the best way to do it .
creativity , design , technology
<unk>
Tommy Rover : The game of play
And I had a parent friend , whose grandfather was using a bicycle and a machine with a car .
He did this , because he could n't afford to car car , but he knew how to adjust the car .
We all know that a little bit of a mechanical work know how they make it , so we can make and manipulated them , or at least based on our understanding of making a decision .
But we have a lot of these Rovers in the 20th century , and it 's going on in the 20th century .
But now , the community of community and open resources is going to take these things and creates information back back to our lives , and I believe that we need to bring this knowledge to the next level and understand the components of these objects .
A lot of us know that , like paper and armrests 's made , and how they make it .
But now there are amazing futures of the future -- as if you 're able to bend a plastic waterfall , you can adjust the paint and the hull of lighting .
So let 's see some new materials .
This is a piece of paper that allows us to throw us , throw it down to the traditional print circuit or the wire of the cable on the board .
So , for example , this little device that I put on my hand is that we made a sensor with a touch sensor , and once you put it with the skin .
And the <unk> ink is already used by artists , and the latest progress shows us very quickly that we can apply it to the dark and a lobes .
This is a front - up front of a blade of water .
Just a little bit of a regular paper on its edge , just in the middle of its edges , and the front lines , when we were able to zoom in at the top of the cliff , when we were able to zoom in at the top .
Now , you know , this material has been applied to the realm of the field and the more open , and the two areas .
And rough strings are changing color in particular temperature .
And I 'm going to put this in a piece of paper and a little bit more height , and then you can see what happens .
In addition to other applications , this material is based on the form of baby smoke . It can tell you when you 're going to get rid of it .
These are some of the examples that we usually call smart materials .
In a few years , they 're going to be used for a lot of our lives and technology .
We may not have science to show us the flight cars , but we can have the wall of temperatures , and the keyboard is going to be a window of windows and a Pepsi switch .
And I 'm a gamer , why am I talking today about smart materials ?
First , I 'm a maker .
And I know how to work and how I work with curiosity , and I believe that we should be able to understand the fabric of our world and understand this very high - tech materials that are not so much .
It 's hard to get a couple of smart materials .
It 's a very small amount of information about how to use these materials , and how they make more money .
Currently , most of them are in the trade and the patent , only college and big companies .
So three years ago , I had a project called the Personal Genome Project .
In that site , we and we wanted to join us out , sharing experiments , documenting information , encourage other people to make a difference , and collect more than a study of research and like the same maker .
We want to put this site into a massive , collective database , collect smart materials with smart materials .
But why do we care about how smart materials work and how they work ?
First of all , because we ca n't influence things that we did n't understand , we do n't really understand what we 're going to do .
What we use , we 're wearing clothes of clothing , where we live in our houses , and the quality of our health and our lives .
So if we 're going to live in a world of intelligent materials , we should know and understand them .
Second , the most important , innovation always comes from regulation .
A lot of the time , it 's a prestige lover , and the invention , the invention , and the personalization , the raw , or the PC .
The biggest challenge is that it 's complicated and expensive for expensive devices .
But the truth is n't that .
In the end of the year , scientists were able to figure out a piece of paper that was written on a way to use more than a telephone paper .
In the case of this experiment , it was a non - fractal experience that did n't have any chemical experience , and he took this article to his work and used with the tools and the tool .
He had a oven , and he was even in the basis of another scientist in the other scientist in another scientist .
And then , shortly after the Web published his experiments , including all the things that have been successful , there was no success .
So the main approach of innovation was to take a laboratory out of the facility and created the experiments in the subway , and then in Chicago a garage of cheap materials and <unk> .
And at the end of his published experiments , the people who have been able to go and do it and design even more simple steps and improvements .
And the other example that I want to share with this project is that the goal of the program is , at the same time , it 's very powerful , and it 's focused on the design of the sidewalks and the manufacturing skills .
It 's a very powerful way to teach us how to work , but they 're designed to take advantage of the way that we 're learning .
So the approach of innovation , in the other hand , is a series of technologies , and to create something that we have , by teaching us , to teach us of the future of our materials , let 's try and design it .
This is one of my favorite favorites in design .
[ unclear ] > " The article " we see here is just a piece of paper , and it 's just one of the pieces of wood and a convergence .
In MIT training , the foundation of the inventor was created by a whole series of materials that created a set of pieces of material , and from regular <unk> and ink .
It 's like a lot of Legos and everything , and the invention shows her <unk> and allows anybody to repeat this experiment .
But it 's one of the most dreaded - looking escalators , because it allows us to create cheap and flexible instruments .
So the work of the programmers , and she shares her evidence of discovery , opens up the door , to a new kind of aesthetic and innovation .
The interesting thing about board is that we create a passion for passion and curiosity , and we do n't fear failure .
We usually come from a very heavy way of thinking about problems , and , in this process , it turns out that other strategies or better alternatives .
So even more people willing to use new materials , more researchers would like to share their studies ; there are more awards sharing their knowledge , and we 'll have better opportunities to create our technology .
And I feel a little bit like Ted Turner 's feeling in the ' 70s , and he wrote , " You have to understand the computer . "
At that time , the computer was all about scientists who care about a scientist , and nobody wanted to put it on the home .
So I 'm here today to say , " You have to understand a little bit of intelligent material .
Keep up to the knowledge knowledge of emerging technology is the best way to ensure that we have a voice in our future .
Thank you .
Fulbright
When we drive it , we 've got a glass bubble on the door , where the wind blows , and it 's going to take us to the eyes and the speed of the eye , but if you only see the amount of <unk> , that 's what we 're only looking at .
cars , technology
<unk>
Nathan Myhrvold : The car interface with a car
Let 's face the fact that it 's a dangerous thing to drive .
And it 's one of the things that we do n't want to think about , but in fact , those are the people who are going to put them on the top and put them on the top of the world , but it 's not just the case that we all know what we 're all talking about , which is the fact we 've all been able to tell us about the truth of this thing , right ?
Intel was dying to death , especially in American American population , and 75 percent of crashes have been treated with drugs and alcohol .
So what happens ?
You ca n't give it the answer , but I remember the first time the first time I ever learned the first time .
I was in charge of driving a car , and I was walking at the bottom end of the road . I suddenly saw that I was flying on the aisle .
And I thought , well , he was slow down .
And I went down .
But I did n't get out of that .
He went out of his lungs , and he went suddenly , and it was all the way .
speed comes down to zero .
I was walking on .
And I felt that my car was on the board , and I was driving it and did n't stop , I knew I would n't get the permission of the car , but they had no choice ; but luckily .
But I do n't know if I 'm going to stop , and I think we can do it better than that .
And I think we 're using the conversation between the automobile -- to change our experience .
And I hope you can think about what the driving experience is , what 's going on .
Hold your car down , you 're sitting in a glass bubble .
You ca n't feel the world around you .
Because you 're sitting in a room like this .
Your mission is to be a part of the way that you can see the road , and the speed of a human being on the other side is located in other " garden garden . "
Right ? You ca n't hold your eyes up .
It 's not just for you for your eyes , but some things you 're going to have to do , and you 've got to be doing it , like , you know , the first thing you want .
Put your eyes out sideways .
It 's going to move from the direction of you and move it down and down , and then you get it all the way down to where it is .
And each of us is a safe way of driving .
PH : Why do we do this ? Because we have to make a decision that we 've got to get here to see or see it .
What 's more important ?
We usually do a good choice , and we 're going to move where we move .
But accidental things we forget .
And sometimes when we realize something about the problem , it starts to do it .
And in a swarm limit , they say , " I ca n't do this . "
I believe they believe me .
We see that there are so much .
But existing technology can help us .
And in the future of aviation and car data , we 're not only seeing three cars in front of the front , and the left side , the on the right , but also looking at the wind and also see the interior of these camps .
We can see the speed of the car , and look at what we 're looking at at the front of the day .
If the speed of her , suddenly , I could get to zero .
Using Brunel and inspiration , we can see the future .
You might think it 's impossible .
How do you predict the future ?
In fact , it 's not impossible to do the car .
Cars are a three - dimensional object .
It 's in the back of the road .
They usually follow the road road .
The future of the future requires to predict what the cars are going to do right now , and it 's not difficult to make it .
And even if you 're in your car , you go to a grocery store , and you get a ticket to you and I 'm sure you 've had this kind of experience , I know that you have this piece of time that you 've been there .
And he might have been a little half - and - a - half minutes ago .
Right ? Oh , I mean , somebody sees him .
In October 10 , 30 miles ago , people saw that he saw him , as long as the car sees his information , and his position was going to map the map and the velocity was predicted to be a map .
And you know , because your car knows because the other car is looking at it , and the rest of the car says , " Tell you , the five minutes later . "
You can respond to the movement of the car .
They 're going to be the object of Newton .
And this is what they 're doing .
So how do we do this ?
We can start with a simple start like the cars and sharing the data .
If my grandparents had a GPS and a camera , I could clearly clear my position speed .
So , using computer searches , I can predict where I am , and they 're going to move where they move .
The other car is the same .
They also know the situation as well as they know about the rest of the car .
What 's going to happen if it 's shared data ? If they do that , what happens ?
I can tell you the answer .
Both models are growing .
<unk>
And the team professor and his team did a computer pilot to study when we combined a different prediction , even though it 's just just in transportation , and then the car is just the only shape that we use , but the sensors that are going to be used to use the robot , they 're actually using the sensor 's sensor , which is what 's going on on these robots .
Let 's take a look at the readout , and we put the robot into the robot .
And when those robots met each other , they can actually track them and avoid each other .
We 're making more robots available to this , and we have some problems .
And one of the problems is that it 's too difficult to deal with all the information , so you have to be able to fill the point in which you 're going to get into this .
If your robot machines are opening up all the time , you do n't have to spend a lot of energy to focus on them .
You can put up the vertical axis and look at a little bit of a letdown .
It might be a kind of vegetarian .
You can predict the new trajectory .
So you do n't know that it 's just to cut off the way you 're cutting you .
And you know , you can tell what the driver is looking for .
We 've always wanted to do it , but how would we remind people about it ?
Maybe the car might be able to tell each other to say , " You have to hide in a house . "
And it depends on the capability of two first cars in the abilities of two .
And if a person is good for a car , he 's called the phone or , you know , it 's going to be the state of the day , and he 's going to do it at the moment .
So we came up with a independent study of research cables .
We use a series of three - camera cameras , and we can monitor this driver 's position to look down and look at the phone and look at the phone .
And we can predict what the driver 's going to be able to get to the fastest , which is the only way to come up with an Agile road .
The most fundamental part of these technologies is now becoming real .
And I think the biggest problem we have is whether we 're willing to share our own data .
And I think this is a very fancy idea , thinking about our own car that we 're going to have to look at , and we can share with the rest of the car , so we like to drive around the population of our species to fly around us .
But I think it 's successful to be successful in protecting us as well as if I 'm outside , and I do n't really understand your car .
When I look at your deathbed , I do n't know who you are .
I think our car is completely able to talk about us .
And I think this is a very good thing .
And I hope you can think of a couple of times , if you do n't want to get a chance to do it , the young people who want you to do the rest of your car know you need to go suddenly .
By making it freely shared , we can do it all .
So you get your car out .
It makes us safer .
Thank you .
Stoll
X - Rumbaugh : How to talk about how to help Steven Friedman 's experience to reduce the space of gravity in the universe to the cosmos .
business , flight , science , short talk , space , technology , universe
<unk>
Peter Fowler on Steven Help a solution to zero gravity
Some of my people know that I 've been very passionate about exploring the space of exploration .
I have a chance to give the world an opportunity to have the greatest amount of anti - gravity interventions , and it 's incredible .
Now I want to tell you a story .
I 've seen the first time I saw him at the University of Illinois .
It 's a competition that we organized , and the last March genetic Prize sends the first group of people in 10 Rovers .
We call them the gene 100 , and we called them different people .
It was a meetings that were built in front grade .
PH : I met Stephen Hawking who said that his dreams were space travel .
I said , I ca n't take you to where I 'm going , but I can get you experience .
He said , " Well , yes .
So , in the Earth , the only way to experience it is to try to understand the number of gravity flights .
You 're sitting on the airplane , and you 're going to get about 25 seconds .
And then the weight goes down .
And so close .
Most of you can experience 10 minutes of gravity , and that 's what NASA has been trained to train them .
So we 're planning to do that .
We spent 11 years making it successful .
When we announced we had to take a break for Steven Hawking .
We have a pilot of government and a company who said , " Do you crazy ? Do n't you ? ♫ Sweeney : You did it .
But he wanted to go .
We have a lot of effort getting back .
And six months later , we sit down to sit at this .
We 've been able to announce that we said we 're ready to do a zero - gravity flights , let him experience 25 seconds of zero gravity .
And if you do that , we might do three times .
We actually asked Stephen Hawking , who wanted to do this .
He said yes .
He said , " Life on Earth is a dangerous danger of catastrophe .
If you ca n't see the universe , it 's not the future .
So I wanted to encourage public interest to the universe . "
We took him to the National Bridge , where we went to NASA , and then came up with the airplane .
We 've got 20 million people in our team , and we 've been able to spend a hundred million dollars in education for children to fly .
There are TED Fellows .
We 're ready for all the aid .
There are four Russian doctors and two nurses in the airplane .
We looked at the height of his blood vessels , and his heart sank , he had blood vessels and blood vessels .
We 're ready for all the industry , and you do n't want to hurt the experts in the world .
We flew from the spacecraft carts to Saturn and descending land .
♫ Sobule : I 'm going to take a couple back to my wife , and I 'm going to take a look at that . "
By the top of the chamber , we 're trying to get him to really experience what it feels like .
For the first time , you know what doctors say , and he said , " Well , let 's go . "
Then we did the second flying flight .
Message number three .
In order to say , for the sake of love and Newton , we also surveyed a little bit of a apple , because Steven Friedman has the same arm , which is the love of Newton .
And then we did the fourth , and we had the fourth day .
Okay , Houston .
And he looked like a 65 - year - old man .
He looked great .
We live in a remarkable stone in our lifetime , and we leave this planet .
Let 's add this amazing adventure .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sergey_brin_and_larry_page_on_google.html
Narrator : An amazing example of medicine through three minutes shows the life of the cell 's life .
design , entertainment , film , health , medicine , science , technology , visualizations
56
David Hughes on a violin record
I 'm a medical company , and I look at problems from a slightly different perspective .
I grew up and I 've been looking at it in the art and the beauty of beauty and science and beauty .
Because art and science are very beautiful things -- and they all have a lot of wonderful stuff -- it 's a great thing to think about science and mathematics as well as the idea of science , which is a perfect piece of paper .
And this is something that 's really important to awe in awe , which means that these things are worth better .
They 're powerful , they 're not going to simplify them .
They 're unique , they 're useful -- it 's a long time to get out of it .
In fact , you can start playing some images because I do n't want to see myself on the screen .
It 's really not the beauty of beauty , often for non - scientific science .
They express beauty in their unique way , and only when you learn the language and grammar , you can understand that it 's very , very fun to express with beauty .
In the mathematics of mathematics , E = Rockwell , or the universe of the cosmos , is hidden on the theory , and you can feel that life has to look at the number of numbers in the world -- and it 's very difficult to understand .
What I 'd like to do is , since I 've trained a medical company -- because I 'm going to teach Huckleberry technology , he 's a sculptor , and it 's an ornithologist and I hope to find a solution , I wish I can find one solution to the real world , to help people understand the importance of the best , the beauty and the way that they 're being told .
Now today , the students are in the context of a environment , and they have a real correlation between beauty , but what they 're taught is to be cut out of this process , which is not always the case .
It 's like a old hair bag , a silver hole , and it 's going to be until the breaks of the logic .
We do n't want to do that for our students .
So we have opportunities to really transform education .
A couple years ago , I got to Harvard , molecules and cell phones , and he asked me , " Well , if I was interested in my team , whether I had a chance to engage in the science of Harvard in Harvard .
So what we 've been working on is one of the plans of cell exploration , and this is going to show you the physics of molecules and the beauty of this civilization , which is more holistic to put all the things together .
And they 're going to form a cell cell , and the cell cells are kind of a big , massive , complex , very complex city .
And these little machines are the center of life .
These little machines , they allow the world to envy , that they can self - automate , and they 're kind of nifty and modular and it 's made out of <unk> .
These micro - machines can make cells move .
They make cells replicate , they allow us to smoke .
And give us our minds .
What we wanted to do is how to talk about this story , and this is a website of Harvard University , which is Harvard in Harvard , who is the software of the molecule , as a writer , with all the teachers and all of their teachers , so that all these students can be able to look at what 's going on inside the cell , that they can see the kind of thing that is going to be in the computer and the beauty of what they 're looking at .
So we started studying how these molecules are fused together .
We came up with a kind of -- and that was , in fact , attract an injection of capillaries , and they were able to collect the signals that were collected from the cell carts , which is the signal : there 's a signal that 's going to happen .
But they get information , they stop them , and they allow them to adjust the cells and make them change the shape and try to get it to overcome what 's going on .
So these machines of these molecules -- we have to work with Harvard scientists to study the structure of the retina , and to try and figure out how they move , what they do .
And it 's going to be a way to do it , and what 's really happening is that it does n't really work , because actually the cells are peeling down this way .
And what I 'm going to show you is a three - minute movie , which is the first part of the movie that we 're doing , " This is what we 've done . "
And I invite you to look at the path of these cells , these little machines that are moving around , which is driving protein -- they 're killing the size of the ants , and they 're going to work with ants .
Check animation .
But the machine of these cells is really amazing , and they 're really the basis of all life because all these machines are connected to each other .
They communicate each other .
They decided that they were different .
In space , cells use the molecule to read the data from the nucleus of the brain , and it 's the right part of it .
Without any life , from the smallest life to sit , if you do n't have these little machines , you can exist .
In fact , you do n't have these machines , Chris , today , to the situation today .
This is the cells of the cell .
This little fellow of the white grouping of protein is a single synthetic adhesive , where any place you need to do in the cells -- or whatever it is , whether it 's a <unk> , or a Rover is not just what 's going on .
We all have every cell in our bodies , about 10 million of these guys , right now , and we have a hundred billion cell cells .
So whether you think about how metronomes are , you do n't do anything about it .
When you go home , I hope you can think about it , and think of how powerful our cell cells are .
Think of all the things that we 're learning about cells .
And once we understand all kinds of things that are happening in the cells -- believe me , we 're about a hundred percent , and when we know that the situation is , then we can actually control our health , our next generation .
And also , hope we can get to discover more and more beautiful and beautiful .
These cells , these little machines , are really incredible , and they can see what the cell needs to do .
They 're not going to be able to do what they can do to do this .
They were constantly working together to make our bodies -- and they would never see the big -- can work very well .
Keep it up . Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/joshua_walters_on_being_just_crazy_enough.html
It 's in the middle of the year , in a year that 's been in his little beach , and the National Guinness , but when they adjust the end of it , it turns out , when you get a promotion , he becomes an old experience . In this talk , her talk becomes a unique experience for the United States .
adventure , happiness , life , personal growth , poverty , social change , society , storytelling
<unk>
And I was my son year .
I am a writer , and I 'm a guy who is a powerful man , so I know a lot about 22 years , I knew many new things .
And one thing that I learned about three years ago is the invisible people .
I was a homeless guy .
And I quit the course of the newspaper , and I decided that my father died after the February February .
His death was really big to me .
And that was , because there was a lot of what I wanted to perceive and tackle .
And when I was traveling every day , I went out and decided that there was a long time in the car that was a long - term Catholic meeting .
So , I took my cat , and my wife 's wife and Alabama flew into the 1975 of the 1600s and went to the Canaries to go and look at the <unk> , but it was completely <unk> .

Two : I do n't realize that the pain of other people is a terrible one of what 's going on inside our own impact , if we look at it .
Three : I do n't realize that the homeless is a kind of a form of life .
At the beginning of a car is good .
I 'm getting a bath in a storm .
And they have time to express emotions .
But then in the end of my father , the groom and the maneuverability began to melt .
And I ended up at the end of my freedom , and I need to go out and spend a full - time job for me .
From a very gentle suspension suspension game , what 's going to happen ?
And no matter what the spike is , it 's obvious to say that I take a cat and a dog , and very hot .
The cat comes from the tracks .
The dog came out of patients .
I 'm going to go through .
Whenever you go , I 'm going to use the license of the bus and the truck to pollinate .
Or in public flush .
And the temperature of the night was going to get a few to 80 degrees below , and it ruins me almost to sleep .
The food tank is on the vertical axis .
A couple of hours of ice spent a few hours on the ice , which is very , very difficult .
I do n't have money to find the apartment , or I ca n't find a place where I could get to the cat .
I do n't want to throw them out . So I stay in the Houston room .
But the weather caused me to get over 50 feet to the public side of the night , and all of a sudden , I had the wind and the waiter , when the ring was a bathroom .
When the winter hits , the temperature goes down to 280 . And then it 's too cold .
And I met a bunch of new problems .
Every night my car stopped in different places , and it could n't be able to do it with police themes .
And of course , not every time .
But I think I ca n't control my life .
And I do n't know when it 's going to happen , and I 'm so fast from one of the things that I have , the young men become a homeless , which is very incredible .
I do n't have it . My intelligence is n't getting rid .
My ability to synchronize , my values , all of my things about me .
But from a way , I changed .
I was more depressed , as a matter of fact , as a matter of fact .
And then somebody introduced me to a healthy health clinic for the homeless .
I went . I had no idea .
And I was very frustrated with all these people as well as the rest of those people .
I just had no choice or excited .
When some of the homeless people realized that there was a professor in college , they said , " You 're not a president , and what is the reason you really do ? "
Other homeless people do n't take me as a homeless guy , but I 'm like that .
And then the professor listened to me , and he said , " You have jobs , hopefully hope .
It 's a really good one . "
The healthcare side of the clinic was so depressed that I was a little prone to a kind of loss of efficacy , and I remember thinking , " If I were suicide , maybe nobody was going to find out . "
And at that time , a friend of mine told me , she heard a journalist in the middle of the country , and the National Academy of America was talking about me .
This one I wrote about my father 's father , who was dead years ago , was recorded in a new book .
He was doing a talk to talk about my writing .
And when I found myself in the footsteps of aviation , the video of the Personal Festival was talking about my writing , and I was in charge of Wal - Mart . And I started riding the parking park .
Inevitably , you should be able to do it .
And I started laughing because it 's a writer , and I 'm an author , or a homeless woman ?
So I walked into the bookstore , and I found a book .
I 'm standing there and I read it again .
I cried .
Because I was a writer .
This is a writer .
And then after that , I went into North Ireland .
Sometimes they go to the bus , sometimes the bed nets .
I did it again .
In the summer , I became a <unk> .
I had to cheat , and I lived in my apartment .
I was not a president .
I 'm not being fooled .
There 's a lot of people who are working on their teammates , and they live in their car .
But social resources still continue to stay in the transportation chain or sleep on the street .
So the homeless people , they work , but the older people are actually hidden .
But if you 've seen it , hire them , encourage them to hope .
As long as you have hope , human spirit can overcome everything .
I 'm not doing this for homeless people .
I 'm not here to inspire you to go to the next one you see .
And I 'm here to tell you , based on the experience of the past , not from the place where they 're not going to work , or they decide in any time of life .
Three years ago , I lived in a car park in Wal - Mart , and I 'm in TED today .
Hopefully never forever forever . Thank you . Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/eric_dishman_take_health_care_off_the_mainframe.html
In a series of regions , Thailand in Thailand , where Thailand is going to show the audience in the 1970s , what 's going on at the ' 70s in Amsterdam , to improve their lives , control the lives of the population , and the talk is that the rest of their speech is <unk> .
culture , global issues , health , sports , science
<unk>
Christopher <unk> : Meet Mr. Gore , let 's say Thailand
Welcome to Thailand .
About 40 years ago , I was a young man , and this country was very poor , too poor to poverty .
We have to change all this , but we do n't have any insurance policy or a plan plan .
We start with policy policy , and we 've got a very successful health care industry , and it 's going to work .
In general , if the kids were n't going to survive , it would never be a lot of time .
So , first of all , the baby 's life and the mother 's lives , and then the <unk> .
And it 's not enough to control the baby mortality , and you need to do it .
So let me just take you back to a couple of days , and I 'll tell you why we 're going to take this policy .
In <unk> , I was in my country .
In average , every family has seven children , the population growth .
It 's not the future .
We have to reduce the population growth .
So we decided , " Close forward . "
And women said , " We agree . We can use the tooling , but it needs doctors . ♫ Sweeney : It was a couple of physicians .
We do n't have it ; it 's trying to solve this problem .
We introduced nurses to the nurses , and they were all women , they had a great deal of liberation .
It 's very good , but it 's only helping 20 percent of the country .
What 's the remaining 80 percent ?
No , we decided to make more effort .
So what we 're going to do is take common attention to normal people .
In fact , in that yellow string back -- hopefully they do n't get it down , because the bottom line is Coke .
We used to be more than a store of Coke .
In general , the people who are allowed to punish people are our goals .
They were very excited with their people , and they knew that their customer was God , they were not allowed to get a lot of money .
They were able to wrestle with taxes in rural villages and cities .
So , we 're looking for these people and they 're actually helping to help themselves .
Just as long as someone 's place -- you see these sub - women -- and here 's a corn marketplace selling bananas and crab carts , and you can find a pathway in Thailand , as you 're going to find the fruit supply .
And then we decided to find religious people to help people , in the Philippines , the influence of sympathy .
We go to them and they said , " Can you help you ? "
I used to put in the blue room , and I was in blue , which I did n't know , was n't that , I 'd put it on the top of the hand , put it on the shelf and put the family out on the shelf and the spine .
This is a picture of the country .
Some of these are the same jobs in their villages .
And women said , " We do n't have any side effects .
It 's a wasps ' nest . "
That 's what they 're thinking .
We went to the teacher .
You need everybody to work , and it 's a force to make a difference .
So we went to the teacher .
More than a dozen people learn about the new alphabet in school , and B is the name of B , C is Christopher ' -- I 'm the Grand Canyon .
We then have a standard game game , abandon it to play .
And if you 're in charge of service , you can continue to get a ticket .
Like , " Mom Layer in a log box . "
Very good , mothers . <unk> .
uncle bought a license . Very good , a uncle .
The lyrics of the uncles got up , no use of wood . ♫ Sweeney : <unk> . "
This is called " Frost . "
They have these activity in school .
We have modems , and we have the stars and the groom .
Earlier it was a young friend , the most intimate friend of girls .
In Thailand , for the sake of the poor , the diamond is very smooth , so it 's the best friend of girls .
In 1975 we began the first one to work on policy , and the women were saying , " We just give them a few women .
If you 're pregnant , you have to think about it .
If you do n't have a pregnancy , it could give us a loan . "
This is from their organization .
35 years , nine years later , this project was happening .
Now it 's a facility that 's been developed in rural villages , and this is not a real bank , but a Foundation -- provide it .
We do n't need a big organization to manage this project , and it 's funded by the Pope .
In this case , you might be very hard to see Thailand , and there are women and women , woman , women .
And then we thought that we should help America , because America does n't have to help the U.S.
This is the U.S. Defense Center .
We decided to offer a couple of men for the men , and as long as the males were able to get a special set of procedures in the U.S.
We introduced them to the site . This is a very serious room .
About five , they said , " Okay , we 'll lunch lunch .
Of course , you must have America .
There are two choices , rice and Pepsi .
They have a competition with a hamburger and a tractor . "
I think it 's more symbolic .
This man is called the Personal Cross , and he 's developing the U.S. International Center for NASA .
In fact , he was doing his head , and he looked at his hands and it was only half the size of his hand , but it would n't be .
There 's a lot of news making in America , and there are some people .
And I said , " Well , it 's fine . You 'll come back , and we 'll be ready for everybody . "
What 's the result ?
In all the efforts of effort , every family loses 60 million dollars , and the population grows down to 32 percent .
You can call it a JPL strategy because we use the same strategy .
I do n't know if Coke 's learned we , or we 're learning about them .
This is the consequence of all of us .
It was the government of government , and we did n't have enough doctors .
But it turns out that everyone can change the attitudes and behavior .
Then , HIV took Thailand . We have to stop the workforce to fight AIDS .
Unfortunately , government coverage of our actions .
Our work does n't work .
And so I thought , " Well , you ca n't get to the government , and they go to the military . "
I went to the military and sent them to 300 keyboards .
They own a lot more than the government , their guns .
I asked them whether they could help us to fight AIDS .
I showed them to them . They said , " Well , you can use all of our laptops and television . "
So we can do it in the air .
Suddenly , we had a prime minister .
He said , " Do n't you want to join us ? "
He invited me to join me because he was very familiar with me .
I said , " Okay . "
He became a country for AIDS and removed the budget .
And the ministers of every corporation , even though they had to accept AIDS , all of a sudden , everybody , the people , every institution , religion -- everyone is involved .
Every media community has to accept HIV .
We 're making a lot of money to go to the ads and the TV ads to make more money .
They were very happy .
All schools were HIV - educated , first from college University .
These high school students were teaching other schools .
In the lexicon , the girls were better than men . They were very reasonable .
And the girl who came to the University of campus and HIV prevention was called " War Carroll . "
And then we get closer .
And these are the Rovers -- and they 're going to go to the whole village -- they go out the entire village , the fastest Thailand , and the nurturing of AIDS , bringing it into the house , bring it to their house .
Without parents , because it 's saving life , the act of life .
We call : " Everybody works . "
And all these companies realize that the patient can not work ; the customer does n't buy it .
They were all trained .
This is a sneak preview of San Francisco at Harvard University , Michigan and junior school .
He was very popular . It was necessary .
Every state , every defense has to be an image , and the job should be a little bit of the most beautiful thing to do .
We put hundreds of celebrities on the street -- where we go , where you go .
They have modems .
And the other thing you 're driving is going to give you a piece of paper -- it 's our " Our Eagle Project " project .
Can you imagine if New York City introduced you ?
I do n't have a problem . They 're certainly going to die . I can imagine them right now in the street .
The hands took the front side of the hand , and you put it on the road .
And the new product came out , and we had to hook up and put , if you had a promotion , we put it on the phone .
So these are our instructions .
Narrator : A lot of the mass weapons .
We found that some people were searching for mass destruction , but we found a massive mass of weapons .
This one is written by a six - dimensional form , " Out walks . "
I 'll send them to them later .
But remind you , these are the size factors , so it 's going to work .
You see , it 's really a big deal .
You can see here . I gave the cards and Bill Kennedy One .
It says , " Stop the global warming ; take a copy . "
This one I told you about earlier -- mass mass weapons .
Let 's save more lives .
Put it out sideways !
And the last one , in Thailand , we do n't say , " God forbid God , so our mantra is : " We 're going to do it . "
You can see , in order to get people to work better , we do everything .
And all of a sudden , every 12 or school fridge is saved , because people are easy to fall down .
What 's the result ?
So , everyone was involved in this .
The U.N. data shows that HIV has doubled 90 percent . The World Bank shows the reports of the World Trade Center .
Otherwise , I ca n't see a lot of hype today on the street today .
And this is telling you , you can make a force .
Eighty percent of money comes from Thailand .
There 's a couple of help in the economy , and the economics helps everyone .
This is not just experts , doctors and nurses .
We all need to do it .
And then we decided to help people get out of poverty , we were successful to stop HIV , and that was , once , government and government started with government and government .
And the poor is actually going to be a kind of skill , it 's not just their skills and their money .
They have to be supported by the celebrities .
We can help them do it , and they do it .
The only way to implement this is entrepreneurship .
We succeeded .
The money came to the countryside , and they were in charge of money .
That 's not the case .
They spent money on their money to fund the mosquito Fund , and this is the village Corporation .
You 've all participated , they feel their own bank 's owner , because they 're money .
You have to do it before .
We believe that if you want to help the people that are still there , then you should give them loans .
The investors had to be a basic tool .
Otherwise , they never get out of poverty .
When you get a loan , you have to go to it .
This project is called " The Lord of Pearl Man , " and how to do it , and they 're going to be able to get money to succeed . "
These are what they 're doing : sell mushrooms , crab , vegetable vessels , trees , berries , fruit cards , a lot of fun -- Nike -- this village is funded by DARPA .
They said , " They should stop the shoes and the groom .
They 're more money because we ca n't afford it . "
We also have testosterone , Thailand .
And as the one on the left , we 're still making a copy of the grid , and then sell the Rover to the operator .
This is what we 've seen before the TV TV , and it 's going to work with me .
This is the scene of Thailand in Thailand -- " coffee and Friends . "
The Starbucks gives you a tune , and we make you rethink and let you be dynamic .
It 's very different .
Can you imagine ? Do you get the ticket to buy a ticket ?
You can take a cup of dinner with a couple of a pound , and a few of them .
Finally , in education , we wanted to use school resources to turn it into a place for people to learn .
This is called the Shenandoah Corporation of Toronto .
For economic development , this is a central task .
To school , let 's move it to community .
This is a building block , and all the buildings are doing it all .
This is a sneak preview .
It 's a very , very good job if you see this readout , which is very great .
We put our schools around the streets , and people can be able to negotiate themselves .
And finally , I 'm convinced that if we want to do it , the Millennium Development Agency -- we need to put it on the board .
And of course , the baby mortality is going to be the cause of death , and each one should be a force to do the forces .
We have high - tech weapons right now .
We also asked them to be able to take care of their lives .
And finally , it 's our celebrity .
These are Thailand .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/steven_strogatz_on_sync.html
For you , toys might be like your friend . But the real friend will give you a list of faces , and in the Houston Conference , it 's a little robot that allows you to walk on the table , you can help you put a cup of a pair of robotic robots to get you on your desk .
robots , technology
<unk>
Kevin Friedman : The miniature robot
The audience had a robot with a robot downstairs .
Well , not too much .
Okay . The audience in the hands of your hands is not a robot 's robot ?
There 's no way .
Thank you , put it down .
So this is our team of teams -- I and the other couple of geeks -- and I want to solve it .
Our goal is to draw a robot , whether you 're eight or 80 .
And we found that it really is a very difficult problem because it 's not only about you to build up the robot 's robot , ultra - low - speed , cost - control control , and you want to do this robot enough , to give them a little bit of fun .
This is not a dirty robot .
He should be a cute , lovely .
He was the first one .
This is a device that you 've been familiar with , and your iPhone -- the iPhone .
Using the iPhone 's instructions and sensor , we 've spent about 150 dollars a robot with a computer function , the price of the robot , and it 's only over the last few years .
Now , Steve Jurvetson , he 's now right now .
He sees a camera on the phone , and he noticed my face .
And if I recline , he will follow me .
He had some concern , so he never left me .
If I 'm here , he 's going to get me out .
If I 'm here -- he 's very smart .
And if I were close to him , he would be very afraid of everything else .
In many ways , it 's about a lot of your pet self , which is a conscious mind .
Thank you . Fire .
Namaste .
If I wanted to explore the world -- the statues , which is very tired -- if I want to go through this world , I can connect with a few other devices .
Like this one .
It 's going to take the video up to this device .
So now I can see all the things that I see , through the information standpoint .
We put a free dog on stilts , and if you put it in your hand , we 're going to do this with your own hand and we can control this robot with a game .
So let me quickly quickly show you a quick demo , right now , and you can see the video and the audience .
And if you 're standing on the front line .
And if I want to control a couple of buttons , you can get a couple buttons .
And I could make him move back , I can make photographs .
I 'd like to draw a picture of a TED audience .
♫ Sobule : Hold your ass . "
In the same way , you can go back and forth the iterations of the bridge , and I can adjust the camera 's view .
This is what you see through the eyes of the eye .
Eventually , Houston is a stretch , and I can change his face through my mood .
So I could go into it , and then I would get the feedback feedback .
And what we 're creating is one of the most important things that is going on is that it 's very , very intuitive to do it .
And anybody should not need to be able to drive a car .
Now , who would you like to live ?
Okay , cool .
Give you .
Thank you , Scott .
And the cool thing is , even if you 're standing up with the bed nets , you can do no obstacles .
In fact , he could use a video of two smart devices and the crafting of the computer with the video .
So , for example , you can walk through the browser , and he 's like a bee phone with the wheel .
We 've talked about telepresence , which is very cool examples .
Imagine a eight - year - old , a iPhone , and her mother bought a robot robot .
And it could take her to the robot and put her in a place where she lived very far .
It could go into the Houston store , and the game was playing the King King of Toronto , which could play 15 minutes every night , if you had a couple of years , she could have a number of chances to see their daughters .
Thank you , Scott .
So , I 've been doing something really cool now .
And finally , I want to share with you the goals of our future .
This is actually one of our engineers on a weekend .
It based on Google , which is called the Open Street channel .
It allows you to create any way of making a string of code that you want .
You do n't need to know how to program the programming program .
And what you 're supposed to do is simulate your behavior on the browser , which is what 's going on on the left side .
And if you want it , you can download your robot in the real world , in real terms of the overall system .
If these programs are proud , you can share the players all over the world to share your code .
So the robot with this robot is actually actually learning each other .
We have the biggest access to people to train robots because we think personal robots are attracted to personalized .
Everybody needs to be different .
We thought , if you 're going to get the robot in home , this robot should be your imagination .
I hope that I can express the personal robot that the future will look like .
But honestly , I do n't know .
But we know that it wo n't be a lot of fun robots , or 100 to 100 million robots .
The future of the future is going to go back to the beginning of what 's going on , and it depends on your own creativity , and it 's like a little bit of a robot .
We 've been seasoned by a robot , and we see your imagination .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/eric_dishman_take_health_care_off_the_mainframe.html
Writer and <unk> talked about the conversation about women , creativity and morality , of course , talks about passion .
entertainment , global issues , love , parenting , storytelling , women , world
935
Jonathan Drori on passion to passion
Thank you very much . Stand out of you with a little bit of horrible people .
I 'm going to talk about passion here .
And I love a piece of paper .
What 's more important ? Robot : Stories .
I 'm a good story , and I hope to tell you that it 's better than the real truth and the story of society .
I was interested in all the stories , and let me just end until my writing .
There are some specific themes that I 'm going to live in : justice , honest , violence , death , politics , and social problems .
And I know that there are wonderful things around us , so I write about behavioral emotions , aesthetics , dreams , the power of nature , magic .
I published some books in the last 20 years , but until 2006 , my life was very difficult , I was in Italy for the Olympic ward .
And it makes me become the celebrities , and now I 'm going to be able to get my grandchildren out of my family .
Let me tell you a story about heroic tales .
One of the finalists for the Olympics was that I was selected as a leader .
And I immediately reply that it would be wrong because I 'm not a skeptic .
Actually , I 'm just not sure if I ca n't help me at the bottom of the railway station .
They told me that it was not a joke .
This is going to be the first time in which it 's just been made by the Pentagon .
Five women represent the five continents , and there are another three - Admiral domes .
It 's a very natural question , and what did I wear ?
She 's hugging , and she said , " My size asked me .
My size was my size .
And I looked at me as a rock jacket and looked like a bench .
In October Springs , I came up to San Francisco , and there are thousands of people who welcome from the world to the 1980s .
They 're going to do it in sync with competition .
They were supposed to win , but there was a great deal of luck .
It 's a Christmas ice cream , a half a foot , the wind can influence the game .
But the most important -- much more important than train or luck .
It 's only about fear , and the people who have a strong personality can win .
That 's the passion .
Narrator : The streets were covered with red hair on the streets and wrote the BBC .
The passion is right . Is it real ?
The heart can drive us and determine our destiny .
And that 's what I 'm going to describe in my book as a role of passion .
I need personalities , anecdotes , Janine Benyus and the role of the change , and they 've got to get into the traditional and to take care of it .
It 's like everybody in the room .
The rules are not the fun of fun .
They 're just good ergonomics .
In the green room , I met the other three biscuits , and the actors , the Clifton V - Prince .
And there are two women who have a member of a Nobel Prize from Kenya , who is in the University of Narok , where she grows more than 3,000 million books , and in this act , the weather , of course , has a lot of the economic situation .
Susan Savage - Rumbaugh : It 's a passion for the fishermen to avoid cyberspace
When she was 14 years old , her grandfather got her .
She told us that the girls were being raped by their men and women , and they were able to heal their offspring .
And they 're going to be forced to do it every day , and if they do n't get a chance to recover , they 're going to be going to be <unk> , they 're going to be voted .
In green rooms I got my uniform .
This is not exactly what I normally do , but it 's not just my imagination . It 's a little bit of a sudden .
I looked a little taller .
All the tiles are put on the envelope , except for a while , and she 's not a beautiful and passion .
It 's about 70 years old , but it still looks great .
She 's smooth , she 's highly smooth and very high and a high skin .
How do you keep the skin up and down ?
I do n't know .
And television was asked , " How did she look so good ? "
And she said , " The position . My back is forever forever , and I wo n't make a bad noise like a senior . "
So , you 've got one of the most beautiful women on Earth .
Do n't tell you , do n't keep it , ai n't it ? Do n't tell me , do n't say no .
She 's not exactly what she said .
At the end of the night , we were called the Personal lobe , who was the same piece of music , and the very same music players , the way the music jumped up .
Albert Fowler is standing in my front , and if I do n't have a lot of time on my head , if I do n't get a calculation on it , if I do n't have any calculation .
And she took a very nice , like African African , going back to the end of the background , and I was on the back of my hand , I 'd put up the feet and it was so much to get the foot off the wheel , so my head was actually in the bottom , so my head was actually right there .
All the shots of the camera , of course .
I was fortunate because there was a picture of my existence , even though it was in the dark corner .
That 's where most men do .
For my greatest four minutes , I was in the Olympic border .
And my lady listening to me , and I think it 's not a sin to be religious , even though I 'm talking to him , we do n't have to do it for a minute , so it should n't be .
And I took this four minutes , because I wanted to never forget , even though I was older , I 'd like to do it as old as I 'd ever seen .
I also need the authority to recognize that it 's a passion .
The next story is still passion .
And in 1995 , the site was in the middle of a hill , and the South Side of Congo was the epicenter of the Congo .
By the way , 80 percent of South Korea and genocide are women and <unk> .
In places like Congo , they 're not killed , even though they were imprisoned or starve to starve .
The narrative of the story is young women and her baby .
She was a crystallographer .
The soldiers were forced to see her husband 's death .
She was working for a few months and she had a couple of 11 years later .
Two Boy of Boy .
And she took it to her hair , and she brought it into a hair .
And she took them to the name of the Red Brigades , and the two minister of Red Cross took care of their patients , to feed them , because she did n't get to feed them .
And when the soldier goes into her hut and tried to rape her big daughters , she grabs her , and she leaves her .
So , regardless of how it was , the family had 16 months after the privilege of success , and a young American would have a teenage American license to get her to the United States of America and her nine - year - olds who had been dropping to Arizona .
In Swahili , it meant " God . "
My book in my book is <unk> , and the women , as well as 9/11 .
They 're not theoretical ; they do n't need to be theoretical .
Something like me is everywhere .
I 've been working with women and women .
I 'm very familiar with them .
And a long time ago , I was born in a very long place , born by a permanent family called an impostor .
When I was five years old , it was a binary trick , but the word was not at the same time , so no one knew I 'd finished the question .
Soon , I found that I wanted to be able to enjoy free for free , and also for my peers .
But I 'm going to go back to the next time , because every time I was being blessed with it .
And I was in the middle of my daughters ' daughters , and I said , " Name a long time , I 'm talking to me . "
We 've got a bed - up dog , really obsolete ?
And indeed , for me , the women and the people who are so happy to be very happy about each other , but it 's not just for the rest of the other place , and they 're forced to do it for a very long time , or a child who is not going to have to work or get their children .
They can not control their body and their lives .
Education , no freedom .
Dorcas - raped , abandoned , sometimes killed and killed .
For most of the most young men , the young women are called " Adorable . "
It 's never sexy , but I 'm going to leave you with a little bit of time , and I do n't have to lose a few times as much as I lose .
They did n't die .
It 's just not just the evolution of evolution , if you do n't like it , in God 's penis .
Call it " Love , " or Lockheed , and if you like them , it does n't matter as well as we know it and understand it .
I 'm going to talk about a passionate story .
And this is a little woman in a village that 's a little girl in the village .
Time is 2005 .
Narrator : It was a young American meltdown at three weeks , as an administrator came to this clinic .
She was ready to get rid of the teeth , but when she had found it did n't have a doctor , they had no access to the clinic .
PH : The clinics came out of a couple of hours , and they had to wait for a few hours .
The first patient 's tragedy was tortured because she had a <unk> .
The only solution is that the only one is bad .
She did n't do it before she did it .
She took a lot of risks and she was very nervous .
She did n't even have a tool for the right tools , but it was very , very lucky .
They have a lot of fun and passion .
She did the prayer after she did surgery .
Finally , patient soda .
This one was broke a lot of teeth .
And the next day , when she came back to this , she was the first patient , and she would wait for her husband .
Her face looked like a big brush .
They do n't see her eyes .
Her husband was angry , and she wanted to kill Americans .
It 's a surprise for her to do it , but when it 's explained to the patient 's situation , it 's not the case .
And the day her husband was beaten up , and she had a little bit of her because she was n't ready for him .
There are also several women who are living in this life today .
They 're really the most poor people .
But although women work in the world for two thirds , they work only with less than one percent of their capital .
The same job is that they pay more than men , even though they get paid , and they 're very easy to lose , because they do n't have a loss of independent capability and maintenance .
In fact , if you give women to education , work and controlling their income , the ability to control the benefits of society .
If women get involved , she would benefit her kids and family families .
If the family makes a good job , the village ruins the whole country .
It 's in the village , and the horse goes into Kenya .
She talked to women and women , and they explained that the land would be because they killed those trees .
She makes women grow new trees and prayers slowly .
Within five or six years , they had a forest of forests , and the villages were killed .
In the poorest society , women are women in the lowest part of the world .
And obviously , the truth of the matter is that the government ignores the same forever .
Narrator : In women 's program , men get 20 dollars .
Women are using human visibility .
To change women , will change everything , design and entertainment .
And I would assure you that if women work together each other , the wisdom and it had been taught to educate peace and modems .
In any war today , most War is the primary majority of the woman and the children . They 're passive .
Man 2 : Men , look at us .
What 's the world that we need to do ?
This is a problem we often ask .
Do n't it work ?
We need to be able to have a world of wealth , and each of us can be a little bit of a <unk> of life .
June Cohen on the Library of Science at the University of Iowa University at Stanford University
In the United States , in New York , there was no museum or a museum show that they did n't have a copy of symmetry , and they had n't shown the paintings , because paintings was about Australia .
Narrator : There are a lot of countervailing tones of archival attraction in the dictionary .
I do n't have to get these images from my mind or my mind .
What I 'm most depressed is not a power force .
I 'm afraid of power and power to influence the violence of power .
In our race , men define reality and forced people to accept reality .
The rules are always changing , but it 's always a good thing to do with men , and that is not the rule of the rules that are going on .
On the top , the power of the heat shield .
Women and children , particularly poverty , that 's the bottom .
And even the most expensive men are used to be a woman or a child .
I 'd never been able to get a lot of people to manipulate their gender , money , disputes , race and road .
And I think it 's going to have to be very important to change our civilization .
But if you want to really change the power of that , it needs to be brought to the world .
We need to get enough women to have power , and women 's women .
And this is , of course , young men .
And the older men were leaving , just waiting for them to die .
And indeed , I wanted to have a long leg and a famous piece of gold .
But if I could choose , I would like to have a brave heart , like a horse , and Jill Tarter , the Jill and the refined .
I want the world to become better .
It 's not just a negative change , but it 's about changing .
Why do n't you do this ? This is what you can do . Look at this , it 's all about knowledge , the energy and the technology .
Let 's get out of a couple of days , and take a little bit of action , take our passion and create a beautiful world .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/burt_rutan_sees_the_future_of_space.html
In a Japanese city , the big city is 3,000 million tons every day , but these are the foods that are coming out ? Calculus Dennett is discussing every single one of the time to feed a city and talk about how the ancient food is going to be created and development .
cities , culture , food , global issues
<unk>
Carolyn Fowler : How the food form
How do you feed a city ?
This is one of our great problems .
But very few people asked this question .
We were in the room , and we walked into the hall , when we enter the lobby , or a hour later , we went to the top of this facility and they had the food waiting for us to get out of a place where we were very , very well .
Yet , when you imagine every day , in London , the big city of food , to produce enough food stations , chefs , cooking , eat , and eventually , they 're all going to have food in every city , so it 's really incredible .
We live in cities every day , like the most natural thing in the world , and we forget that we are the animals , so we need to eat the nature of nature , which is just like our ancestors are going to depend on nature .
And as we become more connected to cities , more and more natural forms of nature are becoming the kind of thing behind me , this is the scandal of Brazil , and the protection of the food
And these particular scenes are very few of us .
And more and more , it 's not just production of food .
And as we do more , we have a lot of time to eat the city and eat it , so it 's a third of a billion foods every year , right now to feed the animals , not for our species .
And even three times the amount of foods that are going to be , actually , it 's about 10 times a way to feed a human food , and if you 're cooking from the animals , they 're not a very efficient way .
It 's a more important problem .
By 2050 , there are twice the population of people living in cities .
And predictions are going to require twice as much meat as it is .
So the amount of consumption of meat and urbanization is development .
And this brings up to a very big problem .
150 million hungry people are 2050 .
It 's a big problem . If we 're like this , we might not be able to solve this problem in 2050 .
Every year there are sub - Saharan - the - shelf rainforests , and they 're used to the new kind of wood .
And although we lose a lot of the ballast in the same time , it 's because we 're not going to lose them as well .
We also have fossils of fossil fuels .
In Europe , we need 10 million energy to produce a healthy food for us .
And even though it 's a lot of food , we 're all going to do it in fact , and we do n't do it .
It 's half a food chain in America .
Eventually , in the end of this process , we will not raise our planet .
We have a hundred billion people in obesity , and we have more than 10 billion .
It does n't work .
When you find about 80 percent of the global food industry , it 's just right only by the wind , which is horrible .
When we move the city , the world is getting the Western diet .
If we do that , it 's not a sustainable diet .
How do we go to this ?
And more importantly , what should we do ?
And the answer to that is that , first of all , I 'd like to say that there was a process about this process that was the beginning of the ancient Middle East , which is a very large area in the U.S.
Because you can see that it 's called the celebrities .
And it 's also enormous .
In this case , about about 1,000 great forms of agriculture and urbanization , almost almost at all , at the same time .
It 's not accident because agriculture and cities are universal . They need each other .
And because of the food chain , our ancient ancestors had been used enough to produce enough food , and it was helping them to survive long long enough .
And if we look at those earlier , we can see that they 're moving .
They 're in the fields and they have these big stars , like this , for example , in Mysore , where they are very effective , and the food shows , they combine the center , all together .
And because Mr. organizations collect these foods , they give up the food , and they put it on the palm of a food meal .
So the mental properties of these cities , the physical materials , are used with food and family control .
In fact , every city is so .
And of course , it 's not all the small cities .
So , for example , there are about 100 million people in the 20th century , in a century .
So how do cities sustain electricity ?
In my eyes , I called the " ancient cities . "
And basically , there 's a path to the ocean , so that it 's going to move from very far to local food , and it 's possible to spread .
And that 's the only way to do this in ancient , because it 's very difficult to get a lot of difficulty on it .
And the consumption of food is very fast .
So instead of trying to get a country like this , like the country and Egypt , it just just takes their food roots .
In fact , you can actually understand the pesticide sector as a long - term currency , a shopping station .
In fact , I love this truth . I have to point out what 's going on in this era , and I think it 's very special .
So the wind is shaped by the coast of his pet .
But there 's a very interesting thing about the world 's world .
If we look at the London London map , we can see that crops come from the bottom of the map .
Because markets are in southern cities .
The road comes from there to the main stock market , which is the primary stock market .
If we look at the names of a street street , you can see what 's going on here in about 35 years ago .
And this is the same thing that 's used in fish .
And , of course , fish come out of the river .
This was sold in London as well as the London Corporation of London .
This is very special , really , when you think about it .
And each one of them is running out of the same way like Salman , and there 's RHex and dust .
And this is one of the other things that happens in the city of food , when it 's a food station in a city , and it 's very hard to get out of the city of a country .
So meat is a very different story , because the animals go into cities .
So , a lot of the meat in London is a very yellow amount of meat coming from the celebrity and the Tibetan Plateau .
And when they come up to the city of the urban city , this is what it means to be a very , very famous meat market in London .
Birds come from the southern Atlantic Ocean to the North Side .
I felt that it was kind of a weather - like thing , and the birds were filled with little toes peeling .
And then when they landed in the East Coast , it was the place where they were sold , and this is what they sold to be the reason why the tomato sauce was called " vegetable Street . "
In fact , if you look at the map of any city , you can see how food is going to go into the city .
In fact , you can see how the food is made of a city , and you 'll see a lot of clues to the streets .
In Friday , in the olden days , it was a place in October .
But you also need to imagine that there are food everywhere .
Because the streets and public areas are the only place for food .
If you think about the stock year , you 'll notice that it 's hard to live in this city , and they do n't notice the source of food .
And in fact , when you 're eating lunch for lunch , you 'll hear a little bit about the wood of the window in three years ago .
So clearly he was an organic city in organic cycle .
But 10 years later , everything changes .
This is the Viking Lander photograph in the Bay Area .
You can see , some early pieces of date were pigs and lambs .
And the animal is no longer reaching into the market .
They were in places where they were installed .
And they went through the countryside .
These changes everything .
First of all , he first had the first time to grow the city to become more or less , or a form of shape and shape .
The cities have been exposed to persistent urban forces that are really difficult to get food .
Suddenly , they brought out the forces .
And you can look at the map of London in the aftermath of 96 years , and it 's a little bit easier to get into the animal and the way that the animals go to the market and go into a very large , expensive car to do it , whether they 're not supposed to be either or the species , or for the plants .
And of course , it 's just beginning . It 's the end of the train .
This is the end of the city , which is completely summons to nature .
And so the city of this kind of urban city did n't have the taste of the bridge , of course , because no one wants to walk in this big place .
And in fact , they 're all going to be able to get a lot of food to drive the food back to the outskirts of the city , and it needs a little bit of food to think about how this food is .
This time , the relationship between food and cities , completely changed .
Narrator : It 's the most central area in the city of the city .
It 's a social activity that 's been a social activity .
Now it 's all about justice .
We also need cooking , we just need water or some chicken eggs , as we 're doing cake or something else .
We 're not going to be able to get the food to confirm whether it could eat .
We 're just reading the vocabulary of speech .
We do n't find the value of food , we have n't trusted it .
We even worry about it .
Looking at it from the way it 's going to be wasteful .
Contemporary irony nowadays is that they give life to their lives , and they make everything more complicated .
Because the new city of free urban cities , but they 're not going to be the connection between nature .
And they also make us depend on this system , and it 's not sustainable .
So , what should we do ?
It 's not a new question .
500 years ago , Steven Moore asked myself .
This is his book called " Frost . "
It 's a six - legged arrangement , and if you 're talking about all the time , you 'll see that all of the farm is going to grow a lot of growing , or in the bedrooms , in their beaches , to eat the foods that are growing up in your garden and so on .
And I think you might want to say that food is a foundation of utopia , although Warner has never seen this idea .
There 's a very famous set of utopia coming from the Bronx , and Howard Howard .
The same idea : a pile of and a half - and - a - half thousand areas were covered by the wind and unfolds through the colonies .
And of course , food is called the object of a called <unk> .
And these are the kinds of areas that are there , but there 's no relationship with vision .
And this has led to conflict - based , because they 're utopia .
Poignancy is an example of a word for Thomas Moore who uses Steven Moore .
It looks like a joke because it 's in the Greek room .
He could be able to highlight a good place , and it would be a place that is not there .
Because he 's a ideal thing . It 's an imagination . We ca n't be it .
And I think that this is a notion that is more useful to think about human beings .
So I came up with another concept called " The Patriot Act , " in the Greek Greek version of " food . "
I believe that we 've lived inside the Red Nations .
The world is , as long as it 's a food effect , you can see that the fact that food is going to be a very powerful tool of tools , and the tool tool , the software , to change the world .
PH : What if you do that ?
So I 'm thinking .
And I 'm making this picture because it 's very cute .
Anyway , in this case , food is the role of life , and it 's been submitted to the family .
This is a food status in our society .
But it 's all about these people .
He could be a man .
These are the people who are thinking about food , and they 're planning to figure out how to see a pile of lettuces .
We need this guy . We all have the whole one .
Because if you do n't have this , it would n't be like this .
I chose this because this picture shows a man who is buying blood vessels .
But the whole thing is the local , food production is local .
He was big , and he was fresh .
This is part of a city society .
Because there 's no place that you 're not going to grow places like this , but it 's part of the landscape , and he 's not just a consumer product from a dark corner .
The cows are flashing .
Raise the wind - up soil .
That makes everything unique .
This is a collective plan , and I went to Toronto .
In this greenhouse sector , kids learn about food , and they grow their food .
This is a dish called Kevin , and he might be a boy named Kevin . I 'm not sure .
But nonetheless , this project is and important because they 're trying to rebuild us and our natural connection .
So , the other one is another one .
And basically , we realized that there was a little bit of place there .
The next step is to connect them from the view of food .
And if we do that , the cities are going to be no longer a production of production , like now .
We 're going to take the city as part of a organic app , which is connected to a kind of a pogo form of tourism .
But it 's not a big theory , because we do n't need this kind of stuff .
We need more views about community community , so this is a very appropriate one .
We need to rethink how we shape our lives .
And I know the best way of doing this is the drawing of this guy .
He was the " brilliant " ritual of " The Inconvenient government . "
He 's the relationship between cities and villages .
I think the idea is very close to the ideas .
If you can take care of the city , the rural village will help cities .
I hope all of you want to think about it , and if you 're in this case , what 's going on here ?
Second government , " What 's the conductor of the government ? "
And because I think this is a really good problem .
One problem we have to ask is that we need to have a problem about it .
We know that what we eat is a big amount of decisions .
So , we know that our food decisions determine the world .
And if we 're following this idea , we can use food as a powerful tool to re - shape the world .
Thank you very much .
271
When compassion has introduced a couple of weeks later , Christopher Heifetz is going to move the role of religion in the 16th century , and she said , " Religion does n't matter if religion will let us get us to the same benefit of the commons ? " And she looked at the world to make a difference . "
God , TED Prize , global issues , politics , religion , violence
<unk>
Christopher Armstrong : Re - Dick
In a few years , I 've been feeling depressed because of a religious historian , and I have recognized the world 's main religious religion .
Each religion has a unique version of their own version .
And sometimes from a positive say -- " The Lord of Pearl " . "
And the same thing , from the counter is -- " There 's no way . "
If you look at your inner body . Seek out what makes you miserable , and then in any circumstances do n't take it to people .
And people are constantly compassionate , not just because it 's listening , but it works .
And people find that when they follow the stock , as they say , " The Purpose - Driven Life " is not just a day to do it , and then they go back to the <unk> and the tenderness of the day , you can get off the world every day . And when you 're going to take it every day , you get rid of it .
And that could be called " God , " as a matter of God , for example , to the Red Brigades .
Some of the things that we know about self - correcting .
But you know what most of you do n't know , it 's the core of religion .
Because some of the exceptions in the world , when religious people have been together , religious leaders are going to be able to argue , and it 's a real theory or a trick , or something like that .
Normally people do n't have schedules .
And sometimes , when I talk about religious people , I noticed that their face would be a little bit of a random hair , because people usually have the right time .
It 's certainly not to be trained .
Why are I grateful for TED ?
Because the TED Prize brings me to the book of books , and then brought me into the 21st century , let me go to more and more , to talk about more .
Because I do n't know it .
If we do n't make it in the world , so we can do all the people , regardless of where they are , they 're like , who are the things that are important to us , I suspect if we 're going to take this world to the next generation .
And our task is , one of the most successful tasks , is to build a global society , as I say , in this socio - society .
And the religious is supposed to be part of the problem , and it 's being part of the problem .
And of course , it 's not just religious people believe that it 's a little bit .
It 's all coming out of this , and this is the assumption that it will allow you to act with other people 's role to the other .
In my opinion , we have a choice .
And we could be able to unpack our beliefs , whether we believe in our belief , or we 're going to go back to the beginning of the decade , and the Rover is born at a long time , but when he was born in an orchard , he said , " You know , motherfucker . "
That 's all the whole thing , the rest of the time . "
And the dawn of the early australopithecines and early history was to tell any of any kind of explanation to what it would be to be able to figure out how to make an automobile and the oracle .
We need to get back to that kind of spirit .
It would n't be in the middle of us as well .
We have to make it happen , and we can do it with TED communication technology .
I 've got a lot of logic from my partner , and this is exciting .
In Singapore , there is a group of people who are talking about compassion to avoid the genocide of the 21st century , which is about 350 dentists in the political community .
The Malaysia will make a art show , and the great presidential elections will invade people , the older ones , to give them a promotion , show them for all the art .
Across Europe and Muslim organizations are doing all kinds of parties and meetings , discussing Islam and other beliefs .
But we ca n't just just run it out of this . It 's not just that way .
religious education is the place where we 're wrong . It 's just looking at those crooks .
Religion has always got to be a real action .
I 'd like to do it again .
And I also wanted to do two things with my partner -- entrepreneurship and prestige .
Education . Because we get away from compassion .
It 's a very simple way of thinking about it .
Of course you ca n't find compassion , of course if you just think about it .
You need to be very special .
And I want to offer media to work , because media is a key role in the media , and that 's what we 're looking at .
It 's the same strategy for celebrity .
And I wanted young people to know that they were dynamic and challenging .
And also let them see that it needs to be a little bit of intelligent wisdom , not just a single vine .
And I want to suggest that the academic imagination is about compassion and other people .
And perhaps most importantly , to inspire the power of the <unk> , because it 's because people get this Rover , regardless of what they 've got , or they do n't have faith , they have no belief , and they 're all going to have a lot of fuss about the religious leaders and the politics leaders .
Because we can change the world , we have this ability .
I 'd never imagined it to unfold the Web .
I still still live in the old world , and I 've spent a whole range of different kinds of engagement .
But TED gave me a new , new way to think about and express my ideas .
Because that 's the beauty of TED .
And this is , of course , all the experts who are going to be able to change the world , and we can change the world .
And of course , some of them seem to be a little bit of a problem .
But I 'd like to quote a slogan to a British writer , a writer from Oxford named Oxford , and he 's like a C - Jo writer .
But he had one sentence , and it was very deep to me , when I was a little girl , I told my story .
This is from his book , " Four " .
He said , he told the love of love , and when two people look at each other , it 's fascinating to look at the eyes of each other .
And he throws it up to the operator , and it 's going to get over and over again .
We do n't need to go to each other , but it could be a good friend .
I love it .
And I strongly think that there are a lot of different people who have come together , and they work together to work with a common goal , which is the difference between a common goal .
We learned out of running .
We learned other people to live and understand each other .
Thank you very much indeed .
http://www.ted.com/talks/joshua_walters_on_being_just_crazy_enough.html
In order to do this , for example , Susan Sweeney : How long did David Kennedy at the end of an arm ? Listen to a little bit of time , and listen to him .
antidepressants , art , arts , book , cities , culture , design , entertainment , humor , literature , storytelling
<unk>
David Fowler on " The Eagle fumes "
I 'm drawing to make things more understood .
Sometimes a lot of them do n't understand what they 're doing .
And you 'd like to use it in the middle , and the people who might be able to hear a surprise that I 'd say surprise : I 'm because I draw the word " Yogi , " and it 's not the case , but it takes two days to make a computer and negotiate .
How would you know ? "
I 've been completely immersed and I never wanted to be able to read the past , but it 's not going to make it , or how it is , because at the same time it has to get a horrible misunderstanding , and it does n't have a lot of paper to put on the rest of the video , so I salute the other hand .
I 'm able to talk about my work , but it looks like it 's more appropriate to people , or I can talk to you about what I care about .
I decided to choose that .
My talk is <unk> .
Why does this matter ?
This is a building that I read at the University of Naval Design , which is the equivalent of the ' 60s .
Thank you very lucky . It was the year - old building , and it was a change in Hong Kong . This changed my lifetime .
One of the things that 's really important is to change the life of my school at home -- driving back to school , to drive back back .
I was in the ' 60s , and sometimes the book book was a fun time , it was an interesting time . It was very , very interesting , but it 's a very big place .
Once it 's a little harder , I 'm going to try to do it in the Houston store , or I 'm going to do something about it .
And I 'm drawing something to you .
Hopefully people believe I understand the stuff .
This is the work of the original puzzle . My grandparents .
So let 's take a look at a couple of photos .
I 've been able to finish a lot of the celebrities from a few years ago .
And I 'm trying to get a lot to go back and look at it .
Those different materials , style , timeline drawing drawings , notice all kinds of details .
And I 'm going to show you a little bit about how they help me express my experience and the feeling of what I feel like .
Some small details are just recorded .
It 's a great urban city .
And what I 'm talking about here is not a very unusual view of what 's going on at the top of the street , and suddenly it 's a huge amount of time on the airport -- these hotels .
Maybe because people make it grow organic .
Successions of a new kind of construction between the old building , and it seemed to be a map of the map in your mind -- usually the blue , especially in the summer -- especially on the street than you can see .
And I 'm going to tell you how to judge the readers .
And what I 'm talking about is the kind of weird thing I feel about , what 's the point ?
And this is some of the culprits .
You know , if you do n't know if they 're not familiar , it 's a long time .
This is a map map -- and I started thinking about the map , and maybe a little piece of wood , I 'm my favorite star .
Here 's the line that I created a little scooter .
And the word goes down a piece of water and it 's coming out of the past .
The dictionary is a story that can be an story of a kind of human nature .
Maybe I should not afford to lose the map , and I 'm not going to show you a few pieces of wood , which is winning the ball , just like a lot of Toronto , so I 'll tell you the same kind of thing .
It looks like a wasps .
But even though I started this painting , it was n't the first one , and I was a little bit embarrassed .
And finally , I found that there was no way of keeping the focus back into the way .
It was a lot of fun .
So I wanted to be able to figure out the design of a design block , and I wanted to be able to figure out a piece of paper .
But one of the ideas that came out of a different way was to be used in different fields , and it was all over the way .
Like , you 're on the aisle of the airplane .
Or a picture of all sorts of things , and in the psych ward , or it goes down and down , you can look at these beautiful lines and things like that .
Anyway , I went back to that facility .
Find out looking for a supercomputer .
And to find a big robot that he designed , he was designed to be able to do a piece of paper and <unk> , and they put their size into the size .
And the airplane goes down or down and down , or on the bottom , and they do it like a rug -- although not a wall .
It 's not to tell you about 11 bucks , but you can put it with a little bit of a millimeter or a hook and hook , and if you 're happy .
This is the Ministry of Defense , and she had a tank . She bought a airplane , the little airplane she was coordinating the whole part of the balloon to fly the nose to hold the nose .
She flew out in Spain .
We had the Grateful Dead .
So this is a very good river on the river .
And what 's lucky is that the path is going to be the currency of Hewlett - Jo Kim , and you know how big the diameter of the airplane is -- and , as you can see , she starts reading the story , so she 's going to read the story of a little bit like that .
This is a scene that allows me to draw a comedy ticket , which is really not just the same house , and it 's a very high - altitude house and a crowded house -- and the whole thing has gone up and down .
The Russians was a great dancer , and it was very , very good to see the girl in it .
It 's a six - legged diameter cup that 's 26 ft .
She 's blind , and she goes down and down and down .
And the text is , again , and you have to put the book upside down , you 're going to go back and down the ground and look at the angle of view and her angle , to the point that the space is moving in the center of the sphere , which is that , in a way , that 's the same thing that is going on from the bottom , the diameter is the equivalent of a sphere .
It 's a little bit of a rock , and it 's going to be on the feet where they 're looking at hundreds of dentists 's feet and they just put out a very and very , very stiff way to the way that they look at their perspectives on their point of view , which is the upside - down .
They get to the $ 13 church , and it 's that structure .
She goes on the Rift Valley .
And in the Houston Bridge , we saw a million people , and it reminded her to eat lunch .
They went back to the Russians , and they were very soon to get out of the boat and got a little bit of a food list where they went into the market and went out and rolled the food back until the afternoon was going to go back the next afternoon .
And they did n't want to go back to the airplane .
Unfortunately , when she stepped out of the Rift Valley , she took off the door .
And finally , it 's going down , but the process has dropped down to the end of the way , and you look down into the left .
They decided to get rid of it , and they would n't want to go to the place and get to eat lunch .
And the last thing I found out was a piece of wood , and it was the ideal thing to do because of the rope .
Went back to the Big Bang , and they were in the middle of the way , but they picked up the net .
And they had to eat , and they were able to go through the courtyard of the frozen tree and put a ruler out of a rectangle and then went and looked at the pyramid and went back to the top pyramid .
And the trouble is that they 're going to get a little bit closer , and it takes the airplane to be careful .
She has a little story about it .
And the other guy , the second one , is going to be a wasps , but he needs to go home .
She 's 12 to five .
He goes down and down , and he was walking in the Gulf of peace , where the Charles Minister of the Peace Brigades , the first time , he took it off the street and took it off the street to live a chair completely .
And I hope that the speed of this guy 's speed is going to be a little bit of a map , because there 's the word " top " on top of the title .
And he goes down and down , and he 's going to put a little piece of paper out of the solitary ward , rolled up a hill and rolled it down to the operator .
Here 's the reaction coming , but it 's not .
They 're going to be free .
And all of a sudden , everything has got a little bit of relationships with the San Francisco , but it 's still going to go .
It leaves a little bit of a coral hole -- and they 're still still going to be the reason why people can look at it and protect the power of the building and protecting the city , and the wind is growing in order to adapt to a different era .
You know , you 're going to get a little bit closer to the hotel , and he did a checklist before he came down .
We found a driver 's driver , and if you were sitting in 3,000 flights , you know that the spike is to take a ticket to the Grand Canyon .
The end is Rick Warren -- he 's in the upper left - hand corner .
He 's looking at the table , and tonight , I 'm talking to him about 40 years . He wants everything to do it .
He took the candle , and he took nests and Thought where to put it in .
But he did n't really be happy .
It was called " he went to San Francisco . "
He went down to the car , and he had to do it for a second .
♫ Sobule : And he was really a little bit of a entertainment -- it was a lot of fun .
And everybody knows because he 's responsible for TV .
And everyone has his phone .
And finally , he came out of the door .
Went out of the courtyard , and I 'm talking to the original and the finish line on the TV set , which is a bad one , but it 's going to have to be a little bit of a traffic ticket . ♫ Sweeney : You know , drunk and depressed . "
And so he went down to the basement board , where he was running out of the center , and the truck rushed every television truck and wanted to figure out the question .
And he went down and down the stairs , and he got to the main stairs and went to a pilot .
Open onto the window , of course , in the middle of the street and the TV 's television antenna .
And he put it down , and the problem is that it 's all happy .
And he solved his problem .
And the table came out , and what he wanted to do is take a look at her .
And this is my first attempt , but it 's kind of like an oxymoron , and I 'm trying to figure out what 's going on in the dictionary .
So I thought , okay , I 'd like to put a hall , and then I put it on the top of the building , the power of this city .
And then I felt too complicated . No , I 'm going to use the most favorite places that I 'd like to put them in , and I 'll go to the size of the Big Bang and you can see the stars and the Rover , which is that there 's a lot of water that 's going on the pyramid and it 's all there .
And this is another drawing . And I think maybe it 's time to get to meet animation .
And in fact , you 've got a little control of what I 'm going to get , and vice versa .
And the blue line is a little bit like a comment on the front , and it 's going to put everything together .
And I suddenly realized : and so on , what am I doing ?
The book is not just the links of information , but it 's a series of levels .
You know , you 're going to do it again -- one page , a little bit .
Imagine those levels of level . It 's a place where there is a layer of scale -- the logarithmic level , and I think , if you 're going to take a look at the top one , I would like to say , " If you take control of my ideas , you can see the depths of the spectrum .
Most of the traffic on the wall took a lot of a century to put a bunch of century , and it was all going to be changing .
If I put a folded piece on the left , you open it up , and you see it 's called the wind .
For example , in the lexicon , you can see the importance of the window , because the bad news is that there 's a bad thing , or something else .
And these changes are at the top of the surface .
And I just had a long time on the floor , and you know what happens .
But what 's more important is that it also tells you a little bit about what is going on in the corner of the building industry -- and it 's a bit of an oxymoron , and they 're more common .
So this is a little bit of a three - dimensional .
And I could put you on a street in the street , and I would put it in a diner , rolled up the bridge and fold it on the page -- and if you were like , you 'd like to read this kind of <unk> books -- you 're still trying to get a look at this .
And the rest of the day is in the book when you put it on the table .
And I do n't really have a lot of complex stuff , and I 'm really sure that it 's all the most complex .
But then I thought , I might be simple .
So we looked at a million dentists and front front of the front .
It was a very open book .
And I flew the book , and if I just stepped down , we were looking at a hundred dentists in the headrest and looked at the hall .
And if I put it in a direction , we see a million dentists in the hotel Ocean .
Without folding , it 's not just the books that are completely open .
And I think this is a good thing to do , to try and enrich the hull .
So we came up with a million , and we went out and ordered it to the book .
I guess I might get out of the road , just finished .
So I went back to the story , and if I wanted to get people to focus on your books and learn things , it was a good story .
Suddenly , " The Winky Show " is a good headline .
And if this is a mayor of home , it 's called Mancala called " The Eagle Dead . "
But this is its maiden voyage .
Well , the title of the paddock is that it 's going to be a kind of cross - blowing view of what I love .
This is the pigeon shrine .
On the day , a little bit of the scooter are what 's going to be done , and then go back to the scaffolding and the green Rover and the green Rover , it wo n't go home .
It 's the geography of the pesticide industry , and it has to get a lot of time . It gives me a chance to draw my loved ones . We start with it .
But maybe it 's going to go back and family -- but it does n't have to be good . So the pigeon does .
And I thought , " Well , it 's a bit of a human being to participate .
And I created this for a long time to take care of a very positive garden .
He was looking at it and looked at them , and the dangerous place was , the chimpanzee and he got his friends , he was able to do it at lunch .
And it turns out that the emotional connection is self - esteem .
Unfortunately , a senior healthy , very sick .
He was teaching the Red Cross to groom his name .
They 're not going to be able to see him later , and he 's in a little scooter . The pigeon greeting his name .
And he finally came up with a kind of spiritual climb to the airport , and all the critics waiting for him , just like " Red Red " shot on the Red Ice Festival .
And the last time he was in the past -- I forgot to say that every time I was dying , he brought it to a place where he went to a place .
In the old tradition , dead people were never killed in a blender .
It 's a very good story .
Now this book began .
Anyway , I 'd like to say that I figured it out , and if it does n't work and tell stories about it , it 's called a little bit of a piece of work . I hope the title of the book is to make a perfect cartoon .
And it really gave me a lot of effort and I had to design a title page .
This page of this page is an aerial piece , and it took me the answer : this is a young woman , she took a letter to a book -- and she lived in the Rift Valley -- she had to put letters for a guy .
It goes down to the corner road across the road .
You can see the stars , the payload and everything .
If you saw that red line , it 's the emperor of the pigeon trajectory , and you ca n't see the black dot , you see the pigeon .
And this gives the reader that the readers need to be more likely to get to the city like this .
And the waiter said to the pyramid -- even if you did n't have been in the last 10 years , it would be familiar with this .
A little bit weird .
And this is a little bit of the other kind of reviewer that the pigeon does n't do : it selected a stick path . This design is used for four million dollars .
So we put it into the Rift grade , and we flew the Greek Greek rings and the sea Ocean .
There 's almost almost a lot of water that 's going down to the racetrack , and it 's the big rock .
And then we looked into the jungle .
And I 'm happy to put this for my students because it 's completely <unk> -- putting all the ballast in the stair .
And I think the only thing that 's important is that if you look at it , you succeed .
But if you look at where you lose a little bit , there might be some of the people on Mars , and some other couple -- go to the Rift Valley .
And the Eggmobile goes into the lobby , and it 's going to be a game in the front of the peace and the Virgin flocks , and we do n't have a lot of traffic . "
This is the scene of my Mary Mary , and I 'm petrified .
I just came up with all the pieces of it . Peace is a little bit of a piece of peace , angry , the bird . No feeling .
If you want to see peace in peace , like this book , the book is very flexible , and it 's very handy -- you put it on the side , you get it off the side .
And through the Rover , you can see that the effect is inside the red line .
And the Eggmobile blows the doctrine of the medieval stadiums to come back -- and the whole Middle East , and it 's going to fly -- the name of how you forget -- which is , " How would you get here ? "
We can do it in the heat speed , because it does n't have to worry about gravity .
When the wind blows up , the Nintendo picks up -- it 's so strange that it does n't work .
flew a wall of the wall , and it 's filled with a black hole in front of me , which is a beautiful piece of wood .
Eventually , we went into the Rift Valley , and it was the marketplace .
The Eggmobile passes through the garden , fly down to the window , and there is a guy on the board .
And he put it on the pigeon legs . It 's like this .
And what we see is that the players draw the trajectory of the Nintendo fly , and the red group of red , the number of hosts .
And if you want to understand more , to give you a little bit of a turn - to - unlock .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sergey_brin_and_larry_page_on_google.html
MIT researcher Shirky works on self - organizing things -- one of the ideas of building things , and we can create our own materials , as a kind of monolithic way of DNA , but the early stages of a very large set of ideas , we 're going to show you a future of what 's going on .
design , technology
<unk>
Martin Shepherd : Can we make something ?
Today I want to show you the way that we make things .
And I believe that our buildings and machines will self - assemble and fabricate self and self .
So I 'm going to show you what I think of as manufacturing , and then I 'll compare it to some natural systems .
So in the construction sector , we have construction -- two and a half years , 50 million parts , and it 's very complicated , using the new technology of steel , concrete and glass .
We have exciting machines , we can take us into space -- five to five parts .
But on the other hand , if we look at natural systems , we have two million different kinds of protein , and we can fold it in a way that we 're going to have three billion pieces of DNA to replicate it .
And this is the complexity of our natural system , but they 're very efficient , much more efficient than we build , whatever we can build .
They 're more efficient in energy .
They 're very wrong .
They can self - fix their lives .
It 's a very interesting thing about nature .
And if we could integrate it into our architecture , then we can build things in a very big way .
I think the key is self - assembly .
If we want to use self - replicating systems , I think there are four key points .
And the first one is , we need all of the complexity that we 're going to build , which is our architecture and the machine .
We need to put them into a simple sequence -- basically the DNA of our building .
And then we need programmable components that are able to accept this readout , and it 's used to fill it up and down .
We need some energy to do it to activate , to make our pieces apart .
We need some kind of continuity of wood to ensure that we can build our success .
So , I 'm going to show you a little bit about what I 've been working with with my colleague of self - assembly .
The two two projects are <unk> and gauges .
These are the programs that are mass mass pilots -- eight foot long , 12 feet long .
They sporulated , the sensors .
You need to navigate the way that it 's going to be a series of points -- more than 12 degrees , less or less , zero - zero , averaging , and , you know , a whole range of things , or , like , this is something that has to do with the wires of the wire , whether you can go to the crinkle .
And each one of the elements is the news -- it 's more than 12 percent , and it rotates , whether it hits the stair and throws it to the neighbors .
There are a lot of great scientists , engineers , designers work for this project .
I think this project really shows : Is this really scaling ?
I mean tens of thousands of dollars to build this robot to create this eight - legged robot .
Can we extend it ? Do we really fit it in every component ?
And the next question is to look at the celebrity , or if you try to make it consciously , let 's try to make sure that you can make a mild matter ?
But it 's more to go over the stage , and it tries to work .
It 's basically the basis of the building industry , and the number of logic , the number of logic , is directly going into all the elements of it .
This is a sneak preview .
And every one of them has to do a silver ball , and there are two pieces of input .
One of them is from the users , like you 're building prototypes .
And the other one 's one of the top lines of input .
And it gives you three dimensions .
That means that users are trying to figure out the building structure .
It 's based on what happens before you do it before .
Now it starts moving in three dimensions -- or at the bottom .
Take a look at the playground , C , one , is zero to zero .
On the right - hand side , [ zero ] , zero input is a factor of one .
So the real description of this is that our structure now contains the blueprint to build .
So the information that 's about building information is all embedded .
That means we have some kind of self - replicating self .
In this case , I call myself self - negating , because your structure contains precise instructions .
If you get wrong , you can replace a part .
All the information spreads , and tell you how to fix it .
So you have something that can climb , and you can get it into a custom form .
It 's direct by the gecko ; no command input .
The last project I 'm going to show you is that it might be the most exciting example of self - organizing systems that we 've seen right now .
It has a parallel and programmable adhesive to make it completely passive .
Basically , you have a set of elements .
Each of these elements is the same , and they 're also the same .
And each of these chains , or every component , wanted to be able to figure out a way to go .
If you want to manage the soil , you need to program it .
To tell every unit is a left - left or a half .
And when you shake the chain , it folds programming , and you code it for any structure -- so that 's one of the things that is , you know , a little bit of a cup , the two things .
Basically , you can program a three - dimensional program -- or a third , two -- it 's completely passive .
What 's the future of that ?
And I think that this is telling us that these are self - organizing , our buildings and our machines , the ability to copy and self to self .
There 's a new kind of recursive syndrome .
You can get a new possibility of computing .
We have space computing .
Imagine our architecture , bridges , machines , all the building elements .
How amazing the capability and the ability to design with new design and new design .
This is a very exciting potential .
And I think the project that I 'm showing you about is just the next step of the future , and if we have a new world of self - organizing technology , it has these new technology .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/nathan_wolfe_hunts_for_the_next_aids.html
We 've got the moon , we 've mapped the continents , and we even have to go through sub - Saharan - sea areas -- and the remaining half , but what 's going to happen to our next generation ? Engineer and Nathan Myhrvold shows the answer .
biodiversity , exploration , microbiology , science
<unk>
Nathan Wolfe : What 's worth exploring ?
I went to La Frost recently .
I went there , and I was a explorers of the 20th century , Roy Engelbart .
When he was in the American Museum of Natural History , the leader leader led a series of examples of aviation , such as the Atari industry .
He 's a great movie .
He said , " This is the archetype of the American director .
When I was in Panzi animation , I gave a bunch of classes in the students .
And I want to tell you that if you really have a good job in TED , it 's hard to try to keep their attention to a group of 12 year - olds , and keep 45 minutes .
And it was done .
And after I finished , they asked a lot of questions , but there was a little bit of that I could not forget .
There 's a little girl standing up and says , " What 's the problem ? "
And I think many of the most ideas are , in fact , the big exploration of this Earth is that our next generation should be in space or the oceans to look at things that are worth exploring .
But is that true ?
Do n't really be the most important place for us to explore ? Are n't there ?
And this brings me to one of my favorite creatures .
He 's an unknown world , and Martin William William Roizen .
And the reason is that this is a reason to figure out what 's going on .
And he took it down a little load , and then he put them on a layer of wood .
And he came up with a slip of conclusion , and the rest of it had something that was more than the tiniest part of the time -- bacteria , small and small .
And he gave this mysterious stuff .
It 's called " The carbonate " in Latin Africa .
And after that syndrome , releasing a whole new world of world .
We know that the virus is so many of the tools that we have on our planet , more than all the rest of the world .
And it turns out that there 's a lot of applications that are involved in this world -- like smallpox eradication , the vaccine vaccine -- we know that most of it has been infected by the virus .
It was n't about 500 years ago .
It happened to be 100 years ago .
And that means that when the automobile has been released , we do n't know if it 's a lot of biological information on the planet .
We have a great tool right now to help us explore the world , like gene slugs , to allow us to just not just go to the surface of a particular human genome , but we 're inside the entire genome -- and we have all the tools of the species , and documenting the same species of species .
We can use these techniques to study everything from the soil and the top .
In my main organization , we 're going to do this because of the reasons why we do n't know what the pandemic is .
Let 's just give you a little bit of how it works , and imagine it 's going to take a sample of an operator .
So , like this is what we often do , to look at the virus , are like a tinkerer virus .
What we see is a huge amount of information .
And if we start looking at these genetics , we 'll see some of the most common information , of course , but there are lots of bacteria and organisms , and most of these are the bacteria that you 're holding completely ugly .
But we also see something very , very surprising .
And when we start studying these information , we 'll find that you have 20 percent of the information that we 've seen in our nose -- any plant , the animal , or bacteria , and all the bacteria .
We basically do n't know anything about this .
And this is a little bit of a study where people are called these information bio - dark matter .
We know that the organisms are used to the dark matter ; it looks like a unknown continent .
And a lot of them .
If you think you have 20 percent of the information in your nose , there 's a lot of biological light , and then we 're looking at you as if you look at your organs and 50 to 50 .
And even in a small blood vessels , there are about two to two percent of the information that 's dark -- no matter that the dark matter can be adopted , you can see things that are different .
And we started thinking that this is human .
The genetic tools are really quite new .
But when they become more accurate , we think this information is a new life , or at least a part of life .
Even though the hypothetical assumptions that explain the danger of bio - dark matter , a very good possibility is that it 's very , very difficult to be in this life , in these genetics , there is a proof of life .
When we explore the names of A and T - T , we might find a whole new life , like abandoned , to change our understanding of biology .
And this may surprise me that some of the reasons why we 've got a lot of cancer , or knowing that we do n't know what we 're not familiar with .
And I 'm happy to announce that , with my Stanford , University of California , California and San Francisco , we 're beginning to start a new initiative to explore the existence of new life .
About 100 years ago , people do n't know if the virus exists , and the life form of our planet 's life .
A hundred years later , humans might have a new form of life that we did n't understand , and they were amazed in us .
Well , we might have made a map of all the continents on the planet , and we may have discovered all of the mammal , but it does n't represent a good exploration on Earth .
It 's a very important lesson for people to get the next generation of ideas like him , like the girl in the V - opening girl .
And I would like to summarize that if I summarize this lesson , it 's about : Do n't assume what we 're thinking about now is a whole story .
In whatever you choose to explore , the dark matter are dark .
The unknown things are everywhere we just waited for human exploration .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sergey_brin_and_larry_page_on_google.html
The famous scientist is going to meet the 19th - ed column , and it 's about a more elaborate story for a better subject : the Human Genome Agency : " The Battle of Man , " and he shows the first step of how we need to solve the problem .
climate change , cosmos , culture , environment , global issues , physics , science , technology , universe
47
David Hoffman tells us in places in the universe
We asked us to do a bold misunderstanding .
So I 'm going to try to get it to this . But I want to start with you all .
The first thing is that it 's a historical history .
And this is the Earth , or the solar system , and our environment , whether it 's a unique set of evolution to maintain our evolutionary evolution or create , as we know what the future of our future is .
The concept today is a dramatic name : the Earth 's Earth .
In this notion , the universe is not just hostile to hostile hostility , which is what we live in .
We 're only one chance : if we 're going to get our ballast bad , we 'll get it .
And the second thing that you know is that the opposite of what we 've been thinking about in the history of human history is actually not the center of our mankind .
You know , all of you know that Stephen Hawking said that we 're only in one of the classic stars on the surface of a planet , which is a typical stars , and it 's a rectangle in the edge of this rectangle , and so on .
And the first thing that you all know about this is that we 've been in a very unfamiliar place , a unique place to be a cathedral , and the second thing is saying we 're in a typical place .
Specifically , especially when you take these two things as a real truth , it 's sort of like your life decision - makers , and they look at some conflict .
But it does n't change the way they 're totally wrong .
They are wrong . Let me talk about the second thing : Number typical : let 's see -- this is a typical place ? Let 's look at a wall , like you can see , you 're looking at the wall and it 's not typical .
And what you 're going to do is go forward to the same direction , and then go back and down , you wo n't see any wall or chemical chemistry -- you can see a blue planet , if you keep moving , the solar system and the stars and so forth .
And this is not typical in the universe , because the stars are in the galaxy .
Most places in the universe , or in a typical place , is not a place where there 's no galaxy .
So we keep moving on , until we get out of the galaxies and then go back and back again , and you 'll see a big galaxy , it shows it in front of us .
And we 've reached 100,000 years .
But we still do n't have the same place in the universe .
And to go into the typical places , you need to cross 1,000 times , until you get to the center of galaxies and galaxies .
What 's going to look like ? Adults .
So what 's the typical place in the universe ?
In this case , TED Prize , for example , gives you a real experience of the reality of a movable galaxy -- galaxies in space .
And then we 'll turn the lights off .
Not accurate . It 's not perfect -- see ? The space of the galaxy -- the space is completely dark , and it 's very dark .
So this space is so dark , if you 're looking at the stars from your nearest stars , that 's going to happen when the light hits you , and when you look at it , you do n't even see if it 's a pure reflection .
The universe is so large and so smooth .
And this is not a light saber , and it 's so strong and the bright tail , which you 're going to get over the age of the time .
But in space , it 's so remote , you ca n't even see .
It was very cold -- it 's not more than five percent .
What does n't happen . It 's a little bit of a vacuum that is better than the best technology on Earth , and so this is a typical place in the universe , so that 's what 's going on here .
That means that we 're all right now .
Hold on , thank you .
So how do we understand the distance that we 're so high , and what we know about everything , it 's so different .
Earth -- our environment , in our form -- creates knowledge .
What does this mean ? It 's far farther away from where we go -- I mean , from here to the telescope -- you 'll see things like stars .
They call them bastards . It means something like stars .
It means that the object of the stars , but they 're not stars .
We 've been able to know what they 're doing , billions of years ago , a galaxy 's center of a big black hole falling off a giant black hole .
And the amount of energy that 's going on on the surface of gravity is a dynamic effect , and some of the stuff , in a very large set of smooth form -- and I think that the light light is going to be a hundred hundred years .
And yet , with this kind of smooth - like physics , our human brain is very important .
In this environment , we ca n't even survive , and when we try to figure out this kind of squalor , language becomes less unacceptable .
This may be a little bit like a supernova explosion , but it 's going to take millions and millions of energy to move around the same time .
But this has happened so precise that billions and billions of years after the universe , some chemicals can actually describe , to build the model , and predict , it 's the most important thing -- and that 's what you can find .
A physical system , the brain , contains the equivalent of another physics system -- the <unk> .
It 's not just a picture of an image , although it contains the imagery of imagery , and the same mathematical relationships and things like that .
So this is knowledge . If it does n't make you surprised , a structure is going to be the other one , and that 's the progress growth .
So the physical pattern has this special property .
And the object , no matter how different they are , but still will be able to draw the same mathematical and statistical structure , and it 's more than a lot of time .
So we 're very different chemistry chemistry , and this chemical chemical virus has a metabolism .
And the structure of it is more robust to its structure , and the world 's structure is not a universe where any other area in the universe is , in its interior , becomes the same universe , which is one of the most important things to be the other universe -- and it 's a very important thing to get to the physical world .
So the system -- our environment , is how we get this special relationship to the universe ?
In Ghana , one of the right ones -- I mean , that 's right , but it 's wrong . And one is wrong , and it does n't have any special physics . It 's not quite a physical physics ; it has to depend on our three things .
One of the things that is the matter of matter , because knowledge is a form of <unk> , and it 's going to require computing , computing needs to be a computer -- the future of knowledge does n't need to make a computer .
We also need energy to build computer , most importantly , to be able to record our knowledge work .
And the third thing that 's going on , and that is the same thing , but it 's the same thing that 's going on on the open edge of the open and explanation .
We have a evidence in our environment .
But we often ignore tests -- for example , Newton 's Earth -- about 300 years ago .
But the evidence is that it 's about billions of years from every corner of Earth , and the next hundred years is going to go down the end of the last hundred years .
And we know that the evidence of discovery is that most of the most fundamental things that we see in our planet are waiting for us .
And in places that are very evidence , there are materials and energy .
And within the space of the galaxy , these three creates a little bit of open - source knowledge in the form of knowledge .
As I said , well , it 's cold , dark , or not ?
In fact , it 's just a kind of resonate statement .
So imagine there 's a cube in the galaxy , and the size of our house , the solar system , in our criteria , is very empty , but it actually actually contains more empty material .
It 's enough to build a long time , for example , self - sufficient space , where there 's a whole bunch of scientists , and they 've been trying to make open knowledge and so on .
Yet , the technology of technology is even collecting light from the farthest reaches of the galaxy and will convert it to other elements .
But the question is , in a cosmic universe , if some of the physical rules allow us to do it , what can we do about it ?
In other words , it 's a problem about knowledge .
Likewise , if we can do that , then we 'll get the power supply , because the change is going to be nuclear -- evidence ?
Or , in the same way , it 's not about human perception , but what you need to do is take a telescope , and even the design design of the technology , you see what we see here .
If you have a more powerful telescope , you 'll see stars and planets .
In those galaxies , you can do the physical physics , and understand physics .
In the context of you , you can create particles , research installations , studies , chemistry , et cetera .
Maybe the hardest scientific science is the biology of biology , because it takes millions of years to survive the planet .
But I had to tell you -- I 'm sorry , Richard -- but I never like to like the biology of biology , I think we can do it every big scale .
So , in fact , the space of the galaxy does n't have an open source of knowledge knowledge . Any one of this cube , anywhere in the universe , can be the same center , if it 's really there .
So we 're not the only place to move .
And if the galaxy is able to create an open source of open - source open , almost all the environment can be . It 's the same planet .
And the factor of that is that there is not resources , because resources are very good , but the knowledge , it 's very high .
And this is a kind of an oxymoron , maybe -- I think it 's very good to make us feel very powerful , but also let 's feel a sense of self - correctness , because it means that if you do n't have to do it , we will not survive , and we wo n't survive .
It 's just a few years out of a supernova explosion , and we 're all going to be dead .
A recent book recently recently has a book about what we all know about all the things that we humans are all about , from the raw physics , and the most important to the destruction of the destruction of destruction .
He felt that human civilization is only 50 percent longer than the human century .
And I 'd like to tell you a little bit about this conference .
But I do n't think it 's a really good problem to describe .
But I agree with him . We can live down , and we could n't do it .
But it does n't depend on the negative , but we can create knowledge that 's going on .
It 's not that dangerous . The species is always extinction .
civilization is also going to be the same species of species and civilization .
If we wanted to be the mosquito , the logic of our hope is to use this kind of difference to the species and the other species of species , and all sorts of different kinds of things that are different from the laws of the physical laws -- and we 've created a special relationship with the values .
Let me use this for a battle that 's not because I want to suggest any specific solution , but just to give me a few things to tell me .
This is the battle of global warming .
I am a physicist , but I 'm not the physicists of the world , and the global Rover , I just just was a little bit of a piece of intelligence , which is a very serious thing to do for authority , is that it 's too late to play the science of authority .
Because , if we have the best choice to stop carbon dioxide , for example , through Tokyo , the limitation is going to take a lot of money , and it 's not just how to measure , which is a disaster .
It 's not even a question of solving the problem , but it 's just a little bit of intervention , so catastrophe is all late at night , or in the midst of consciousness .
In the 1970s ' 70s , the most advanced scientific theory told us that industrial emissions would be going to be a new <unk> century , and billions of people will be killed .
The lesson of this lesson is that I do n't understand why it does n't follow the public competition .
And the truth is that we ca n't be forever forever . When we know that there is a catastrophe going on , it 's going to be a little bit more competitive than that .
But it does n't have any clinical calculation , or prevent it to help us avoid the problems that we do n't anticipate .
So we need to be ready for solving problems , not just to avoid problems .
It 's a matter of defense prevention , which is the fact that the truth is , but it 's just the case of what we know about prevention .
If your nose was hit , the medical treatment does n't teach you how to negotiate .
If the medical method does n't care about treatment , it 's just about studying therapy , but it will almost be almost more .
And the whole world is now trying to figure out how to reduce the amount of gas emissions .
And it should come to the point how to reduce temperatures , and how the plan is going to be able to survive the temperature , but it 's not a promotion , it is a very , very low - scale plan , which is , in space , there 's a lot of carbon dioxide to put the sun out of the wind and then stimulate the ocean .
Now , these are just the edge studies .
When humans are dealing with this problem or general , they do n't have the same problem .
It 's not really a problem for us , the ability to do it , not to keep in progress -- it 's the only hope that we hope , but not just for solving problems .
We should take two grapes , put it on top .
One of the things that 's going on is that it 's a problem .
The other thing that 's going on is inevitable .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/paul_ewald_asks_can_we_domesticate_germs.html
In order to be trapped in the process of destruction , what 's going to happen is that economists Paul Pollan asks a whole new view : " especially especially Century , " and the cities of the city .
business , culture , economics , global issues , politics
<unk>
Paul Pollan on a new way : especially especially in art
So look at this picture .
It gives us a very striking mythology .
These African students are doing a pioneering village because they do n't have electricity in their homes .
I do n't have a couple of students , but I 've seen it as a student .
Take it for a student on a green shirt .
His name is called " Adorable . "
And I guess he had a cell phone .
Interestingly .
Why do n't we have a chance to eat the future of a cell phone like mobile phones , but they could n't be used for electricity ?
The answer is the systems .
Without the rules of institutions to prevent this win - win , the way people are going to do it in a certain way , that people do n't have to bring technology to people like snoring .
What kind of institutions ?
The state of the country needs to follow a system , and this institution is going to require a lot of money in the government to charge a million dollars , actually , in fact , to the other side of your brain .
So , there is no resources , no incentive to drive the user power .
President wanted to change this .
He 's recognized that the balance is going to be the possibility of the wind , and it can make the industry profitable to make sure that it 's a catalyst of trade .
The implication of the sold of a cell phone is a metaphor for institutions .
President Bush had a good job .
So he tried to change the process of making a design system , but from the deregulation of the treatment and the consumer 's voice , they wanted to be able to preserve the original agencies .
There 's no way the president , the only way , is to stop losing the lottery , and the way it has to prevent the state of progress .
So , you know , it 's only going to be on the bottom line .
What 's really challenging is trying to figure out the way of changing the system .
Can we develop organizing institutions ?
And I 'd like to say , well , can we take a lot of choice , or if we give people more choices to give leaders to leader , leader is the people ?
But , you know , they need to be a bit of a challenge .
Because you want to give up the freedom of the leader , as you give the President of your president , the same freedom that you have to pay for people in this economic system for free .
Hopefully the freedom to take care of dollars .
So if you just chosen the mosquito , or the other side , you 'll have handkerchiefs or ding .
But if we 're going to be able to do that , then we can make it possible to get us to the top systems .
And I 'm going to use the Internet now .
He said , " Well , if you want to see the dynamic institutions of the system , how to look at the Earth and look at the Earth 's life .
Let 's notice Asia .
And zoom in here , you can see that it 's more than a black hole , and it 's like a black hole .
You 're not going to be surprised to get the tools of the people to be very dark .
What 's important about it is to admit that South Korea has the same system , whether it 's the law or the policy policy , and the culture , the value , is religion , faith , faith , faith .
In the meanwhile , the South Pole was made , and South Korea made a difference between different institutions and made it different .
So we could change , we , humans , can change the institutional commons and make it better , or worse .
Here 's another area , the Caribbean .
It 's in Haiti here .
The Haiti 's also in the same way in the dark and the poorest areas .
But the two countries and the groom are more than a matter of the dark matter , and it 's about Haiti or bed nets .
The Haiti reminded us that we 're not able to recover from government government and not secure .
And it 's not exactly because the government is forced , like the government .
So if we want to create good policy systems , we ca n't keep it all .
We need to build it .
See , China is highly drawn to the potential and challenge .
In this graph , China is the frontier of the World Trade Center .
For example , steel , print , whatever .
But China has never done it , at least that time at the time , to inspire these ideas , or a profitable dynamic to encourage spreading spreading .
And the Chinese continued to slow down a little bit of innovation , and the rest of the world is <unk> .
So in other countries , in the developing world , new technologies and new systems have been filled with these improvements .
It turns out it 's a very backward country .
So this graph shows a new set of data .
It shows the percentage of the income , the GDP of China and the U.S. Ocean .
PH : You can see that it 's in three or three and a quarter .
But the 1990s had changed .
China starts developing , started dengue faster .
And if you look at the map of this map , you find a lot of reason why China has a very rapid decline .
The main area of China is , you can see , in the vertical axis , you can see the stars .
In fact , this is a very small place in China , where most of the time in the 20th century , it 's very different from the continents , and the rest of Antarctica is all over the course of a lot of time .
In the 1950s , the World Trade Organization was a million people to find a toy , making toys and work .
But trying to improve money , improve technology promotes dynamic .
And the leader of the lake is like a leader like the kind of leader that 's going to be created when the wind blows the continent .
But the point is to understand the importance of giving people the importance of choice .
So instead of doing this not just a little bit , let China go back to the city of the China , and he 's going to take a particular amount of time , so that can imitate the United Nations , which is the chance for people to do this opportunity to make this opportunity .
So they created these four special economies , and they were able to work at the top of the city , where the cities were going to develop the product , and they were able to make a product of the product .
And the next area is called the Personal Way .
There 's a company that 's been created by Dubai , and all of you have the iPhone of the Chinese business , all the people who are leading to the bribe in the countryside .
So in four special ways , there are 14 trillion square cities that have been successful , and eventually eventually success , the rest of the world is actually the place where people choose to have the opportunity and the environment .
And the success of these successful success has been overcome the whole thing .
Now , this is what China looks like .
One : leave the people .
Number two : do the right scale .
And if you want to change the village in a village , you can do it , it 's a little bit too small to get you in the same way , and you have a big impact on it .
On the other hand , they change the country , and it 's too large .
And if you want to change some of the countries , there is some people who do n't have to pay attention to them , and they 're not going to be able to get a chance to adjust the gap to the people in the future , to try and try to get a new opportunity .
But as the city can give you these opportunities to create new fields , people can choose to choose the new primaries .
And it 's enough to be very large , and we can get a million people who have a big impact on the back of the new primaries .
So I propose that we think of something called a special Paris .
And the first thing that 's going on here is that all of the rules are going to be a lot of the rules , all the people who are building them very specifically .
We need to draw the rules , they 're going to build the infrastructure , the power systems , the road , and the DARPA , the buildings , the buildings .
You need to attract an appointment , and they 're going to sponsor the first part of the world 's first time .
You need to attract families to live long - term people who live in a long time , and they 're learning their businesses .
In this case , people are going to be there .
The cities are built .
We can also improve the size of this model .
We can get over and over again again .
To think about success , we need to be able to do it . We 've talked about it .
They 're going to be out in the middle of the street .
We need to give people a choice .
It 's real to get into this model if we allow the city to build cities .
And you start with a low - level environment .
People were able to get out of the new pile , but nobody was forced to do it .
And finally , we need to offer a leader for free .
What we need to do is to give a leader of a state of state , and let 's make a difference to a different country that can actually work like China and England , the first time to build a rectangle to the whole China .
In contrast , the U.K. , United Kingdom , was used in the last century , and it was more profitable to cut the world than any manned program .
So , as long as we allow this to integrate this , we can expand this into the scale of the world .
Sometimes it needs to be responsible for a responsibility to a country from one country to another , to the responsibility of a group of organizations .
And I 'd like to say that some of you might start thinking " Is n't it ? "
No . But knowing that this emotional is important , we start thinking about these emotions , and these emotional feelings are going to cause us to uncover our ability to accept our ideas .
Why does n't it be Hussein ?
The upshot of dengue fever is that the vision of the support program was a kind of controlled element of what it would have .
But the core of this model is to choose whether the choice is , or the people of the leader .
And the choice of choice is that the antidote to force and prestige .
So let 's talk about how it works .
Take a copy -- and he was a leader leader .
It had to realize that he had a chance to get the opportunity to do the same kind of policy to the Cuban government , but Cuba did n't have a lot of fuss like this .
There 's a dark place in the South , which is very specific .
In an appointment region , a force to give American policy management to America is about twice the size of Manhattan .
He said to invest in Canada , " Look , there 's a problem on the operator .
They got to get out of them .
Do n't you ?
management is special .
Make a new city .
They get people to go .
So let 's start with a city like a pacemaker .
My citizens are going to be there .
You ca n't do it . But it 's going to be the dominant world of modern economic and modern world . "
Now , where does this happen ?
Africa : I used to communicate with Africa .
And a lot of people are completely unaware of what people can do with choice .
And this is a dynamic of change and building .
This is a new approach to create new systems , and it does n't have competition , nor accidental disputes .
It 's completely understood that in some cases , they can make a lot of a long time , and they 're going to make it a little bit more than the authority , to build the cables , in new cities , for the new city , the promise that they have to do more and more , if they follow the other one .
And even in some ways , it 's kind of like a high - bank bank , and you put the sail on the gym and the countryside .
In Africa , a lot of new cities can build on these surfaces .
This one was filmed slowly slowly .
There are hundreds of thousands of people that are going to live with this .
Let 's try and think about it not a one , but it 's a very , very special part , and maybe a million , maybe hundreds of millions of people , we have enough enough to do enough .
The World Health Organization , if we look at the dark , the eyes look like a mirror , and it looks like a lot of it 's built .
Let me tell you why this is wrong .
This is the ground .
Put it into a rectangle , representing all the agricultural land on Earth .
These dots represent the land that 's been refuted , and now 30 million people live in cities .
If you move these things down to the bottom , you see that there 's a hundred billion urban cities on the planet -- three percent of the Earth 's land .
If we want to build a little bit of urban to take 10 million people , they would like these points .
We went from 30 to 30 percent of land to 40,000 percent .
By building cities , and let it go to the rural people , we 're going to reduce the cities and we will reduce it on Earth .
If these cities are being adopted , they can be able to get people out of crime , Alzheimer 's disease , and they get to work for work .
You can have charitable services , like power .
Kids can be educated .
What do we need to start with ? started to build the first 17 continents and build up the scale ?
There 's a lot of value for users .
What a professor can do is write some details of the details .
You might not cry for us to design these cities .
You might not get the 1913 nomination .
But you can get us to think about this problem , assuming it 's not just Canada and celebrity .
Maybe Brazil 's also going to get the Spanish and the Spain , and maybe a kangaroo .
How do we write this out ?
There 's not a single example , but it 's really easy to solve .
How do we do it ?
In fact , sub - Saharan and radioactivity , and there are a lot of cities in the sail .
And you can pay for the quality of the parking system , like the police , and the kinds of platforms , the educational and healthcare industry , to make it a place where it 's going to be a very high - income place , so it makes a high quality of labor .
So for those of these building regions , the incentives are completely inappropriate .
And there 's a lot of detail like this .
How do we give them to the fathers of the iPhone , like this group of people to provide their ability to offer them , and to make sure that the power power is safe , or in the earthquake or the hurricane .
A lot of the details are going down , and some of us have been out of this dream , they can tell you that there 's no way of doing it , but it 's only impossible to do it .
Let 's wrap it up .
Why can we have a wealthy life , although the power of the Earth is because the power of the ideas .
We can share with people , when they have good ideas , they share it with us .
This is shared with fireflies , and sharing it means that there is less .
But we share our ideas , we all get more .
And if we 're talking about ideas , usually we think about technology .
But the idea has another idea , which is how we communicate with each other , like let 's have a marketplace to support a science - based school , to provide free of knowledge to educate some knowledge .
So let 's have a system that allows us to give us the land of the government , and people can get the mortgage .
If we insist on the rules of innovation , and we 're not going to be able to do that for rules , so we wo n't be unable to get rid of the process that we can get to the world and do it for a better way , like <unk> and his friends . Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/al_gore_on_averting_climate_crisis.html
From a very short number of years from the world , genomics Breazeal , to tell us that the team of our team has shown the journey of marine diversity , and yet , they 've discovered millions of genes .
DNA , biosphere , biotech , entrepreneur , genetics , invention , oceans , science , technology
six
Marco Tempest : Models and oceans
When a couple of people came back , they asked me to ask me how to do it .
My only vision is right .
I think that values are much longer longer than the celebrities .
And in this 18 minutes , I 'm going to tell you what we 're doing is how we do it from the original read , which is the beginning of our own self - code .
And just 10 years ago , we published the first sequence from the freedom of freedom , which is the sequence of the killer winters in the disease .
So we took the genome out to 13 months from 13 to 150 months .
Now , the same genome requires two to eight hours .
So the last 10 years , we 've done a lot of these tools , most of the species of human species , a couple of species and mammals including human genome .
It 's about 10 years ago , we 're going to be able to do it for genomics , and we might have done three or five apes .
We 've had a program that we 've developed -- Steven Moore funded a company called the environmental engineering program , and we 're going to do this for 3.5 million bumblebees .
Reading of reading is the velocity of the code .
But we see , the future path is very long , we just explore the surface of this planet .
Most of you do n't realize that the biological microbial microbial organism is about half of the planet , and all the animals add the Earth to the earth .
You go to the Atlantic Ocean , and maybe not the Oxford thing , or not a Oxford , but let 's remember that every single one of them is about a million tons of bacteria .
Two - year - olds could n't have been diagnosed with these two , two years ago , and we decided to do something .
We came up with two and a half million years ago , and the big ocean activity , which we tried to do every 200 miles a second .
PH : We 've been doing this in 170 , and then we went to the end of the Cold War and went into the U.S. Coast and the Pacific Ocean , where we 're moving across the mid - Pacific Ocean .
It 's hard to work , and we 're going to get a little bit of chance of interested in the science of the young people in this room .
And it 's very simple .
And collect seawater , and filter it into different filters and put them back into the lab and then put it back to the laboratory , where we can spend every 24 hours of genetic code .
And through these are incredible discoveries .
So , for example , what we 've seen in the eyes of our eyes is that there are only two or two organisms that have the same kind of design that we have in the world .
But then it turns out that there 's almost almost every species at the top of the Galapagos , there is this light receptor , and it uses the sunlight , and it uses the power to communicate .
Just just one example , from the gecko , and we can see 130 million genes like five million different genes .
We 've been funded by DARPA Foundation , and we 've introduced research to the air .
We 're looking at how much of the air and bacteria that we breathe every day are particularly , especially in the airplane and the wheel and the wheel .
In a couple of simple instruments , we 're going through the top day in the city of New York City , and we put billions of millions of stars .
Now we 're talking about them .
It 's just from data collecting data from the Galapagos , and we see almost every 200 miles we can see from collect samples .
In different ways , it might explain the diversity of this diversity .
This is a picture based on the red area of temperatures , and the blue line is the coldest area where we find that , in the warm ocean , there 's a lot of difference in the warm ocean , and there 's a lot of diversity on the planet at the same time as it 's going to be a very large number of differences in all the species in this species , in which there is a big difference between the most abundant species of sea water , right ?
And the other thing that 's surprising to us is that these light particles can detect light bulbs , and we can use them to anticipate this process .
In different areas , they 're very different .
Maybe it 's not surprising to just be in the deep part of the ocean , and the light tendency to look at the blue line .
And when there is a lot of traffic jams , they look at the tooling .
The differences between extreme stars , the difference between light , is possible .
To take all of the genes that we 've collected for our collection of genes , we put together all kinds of data , and all the data is going to be more than half the data of the Earth .
We put these genes into the gene , trying to answer : We 're discovering the new members of gene family , or a new family ?
And it turns out we 've found that we find about five million major families , but the new samples we get from the environment are just the same kind of grandeur .
So we 're looking at the early stages of life and genetics and genes .
And we looked at the evolution of the natural world , and we were in the right and the animals .
In the animal kingdom , there are about 10,000 genes , and our genome is just about 170 genes .
And if you put all the animals together , we do n't have 30,000 genes to share more than 10,000 or less different families .
Now I 'm not just going to show you the design of these genes .
And we need to go from " gene center " -- maybe Richard Dawkins 's theory -- rather than " The Lord of the genome " to think about the form of these genome .
synthetic DNA , the ability to use DNA for the last decade or 20 years , and in a way , it 's a lot of sync in the way that the DNA develops .
The idea of attraction to the genome is that we think about the second genome as the third World War .
We also created a great shirt written , and said , " I 'm going to die . "
This is just a little creature .
It has about 500 genes .
There 's a whole range of genes there .
We asked questions if a species needs eight genes , and another one needs 500 to a small gene , a little sterile system .
So we started doing a little bit of mutation .
It 's a short clip of a random number of DNA replication .
If you get the gene in the middle , the functions of the genetic functions .
And so we found all the things that could be able to accept the gene , and to make the " map " map .
But the upshot of that is that the environment is very important , and we can only define where we are in our environment to define the gene necessary .
We 're trying to do a more intuitive study for 13 million people , and we try to compare them to the genome and look at them .
So we got these overlapping circles , and we found that there was only a dozen genes in all 13 species .
And if you ignore a cell in this cell , it 's still going to expand a little bit , and when we look at the core of the core , it 's going to change more than a dozen genes .
So we think that the tiniest 500 genes extend or reproduce -- and how you see this problem -- to about 300 to 400 genes .
And the only way to prove that this theory is to build a chromosome , and we have to use the way that we 're presenting the instructions to achieve this .
And we found that a lot of these precise applications are very , very difficult .
My colleague , Derek Smith , von Frost invented a new new approach to enable us to incorporate a virus that has 5,000 pieces , and in the genetics , there are billions of pieces of data in genetics and biology .
And that 's a very exciting experiment : We 're just putting the synthetic DNA clip of the bacteria , and suddenly the DNA of DNA starts to activate a virus that infects the virus .
And this is not the first virus , and a year ago , a little bit of a strain of virus was created , but it 's the only virus that 's going to be a three - dimensional retrovirus .
This is a piece of X - Fi structure .
This is the software of software to build a new idea for our biology .
Somebody immediately started worrying about the threat of threat , and I was in the subway and the other side of the United States , which was a special committee in the U.S. government .
And I think the most important thing is that the truth is , it 's not just what people think about it .
Essentially , any of all , it 's been shaped by a viral virus .
And the other thing that people do immediately is the virus of the smallpox virus , or the death of smallpox , and it sucks , but it does n't have the DNA .
So even though some of you did this , the DNA genome is not going to get infected by infection .
And what 's really really worried about is that the architects virus .
There were only two countries , the U.S. and the former Soviet Union , who used to do it .
And if this is really true , it 's been built in the future of people who have been built in the future .
I think that two - dimensional organisms are probably possible .
And what we do is we have this kind of cells where we build it in a decade .
We can discriminate to a different frame of narrative and different gene figures that allow us to build different structures .
The key is , how do you put all the rest of it ?
And so we start with these clips , and then through a insistence , it would fit into the chromosomes .
This is a creature that comes from a bio - induced creature called a malignant layer in a three - dimensional radiation .
With 12 to 24 hours a day , it 's almost entirely broken , and it allows their chromosomes to re - assemble itself .
And this creature is almost everywhere , even though the human activity is even more likely to synchronize the space of space .
This is the glass chamber in about 50 million radiation .
The glass starts burning , and the wind is going to be happier .
And this is actually what 's happening between 170 million radiation .
It 's almost almost like that .
And this is the same one that 's 24 hours later , and the upshot of the DNA is applied .
And this is really incredible , and if it 's not about tens of thousands , maybe we can find thousands of species , you can do it as well .
These are the ones that give them the first step , and it 's going to take them to another mouse cell .
So we think synthetic cells are going to have a tremendous amount of power , not only in the biological world , and it 's possible to help us accept environmental and social problems .
For example , from a third of the new organisms that we 're looking at , the methane 's methane , which is the equivalent of a water supply of water , and it 's going to be the power of energy to capture carbon in the environment .
In a very different way , there are thousands of different kinds of organisms that are able to capture and depend on it .
So we can collect carbon from the atmosphere , or other products , to replace the amount of carbon in the oil industry .
There 's a biological creature , and we use it to put it into the ability to make water , build the heat and the oxygen oxygen .
And also , there are lots of ways that can fit into methane .
Narrator : There is a gap between the Norwegian oil spill , which is going to be the methane 's methane , and the methane is going to be a useful product .
And I suddenly wondered , there is a new area where the combination of genomics is very quickly , because there are these new kinds of applications that have this huge amount of genetic sequences and balconies that we can design to design a double - scale robot .
So , all the biological characteristics of biology can be used by the screen , or it 's just not just the West .
The functions of understanding these genes is going to be used .
We 're trying to improve the mutation rate , and we 're trying to make a column under the sun .
And the maneuverability of the zooming - processing is that we use chemicals that are not sensitive to oxygen to change the process .
We also integrate a variety of factors , and these enzymes are able to put complexity in the same cell in a specific cell .
In a couple of these big labs , there are a pharmaceutical manufacturing system .
Ecologist in the environment , chemical chemistry is more complex than our best biologists .
Maybe the engineering species of the future will be the source of our food source , and the ability to use the system , and even replace the soy industry .
So let me end with the end of my moral and policy .
We chose 1999 to 1999 until we should try to figure out how to create artificial species for a year and a half , and then the experiment was going to continue to do it .
And every single religious religion was involved .
It 's a strange study because a lot of religious leaders are on their religiousness as a law , and it ca n't be a legal system , but it 's not really the most important thing to do to make life , so it should n't really be really serious to get these experiments .
Currently , the Foundation Foundation has introduced a lot of research to work on the risks and the benefits of these experiments , and also for the scientific community that we 've been working on in this area , which is a good example , but we 're trying to figure out a great example of that .
There 's a lot of complex problems .
In addition to primates , they actually are very simple : Can we design the tools of cleaning energy from all different steps in different ways .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/steven_strogatz_on_sync.html
The psychologist said that most of us ignore happiness and success , and that 's what we 're going to have to do with the past , to confront the quality of the future and to think about the mass , he suggests that we can adjust the time .
brain , business , happiness , mind , psychology , science
<unk>
Think about the time of health care .
And I want to share with you a little bit about the power of time , and of course , in a very short time .
MM : Okay , well , 30 seconds .
Stay silence .
Watch the time . That 's the end game .
15 seconds .
Ten , nine , eight , six , four , three , two .
Jonathan Drori : Let 's see this talk about Adam
Run forward , Adam , do n't get a ticket , but I 've got it already . I 've got snow .
Oh , Adam . Do n't give up .
I do n't know .
I really did n't want to fly on .
Okay , just kidding . How ?
It 's a lot of dengue , and it 's all about fixing or defenses , or anti - corrosion , not and , then , the impulse and the future .
And when it came out , the moral ethics was going to get rid of it .
Those promises that they do n't have sex , and I thank you very much that small San Francisco , probably 60 percent of the people in the last year are going to ruin their promises .
And these guys do n't have any water . "
How many promises of commitment ?
Now let 's try the four - year - old , and take them to do a experiment .
They now have a micro - sugar sugar , if they can wait to go back and eat it , then you get two <unk> sugar .
This is , of course , need to pay , if you really enjoyed the marshmallow , that 's waiting .
But it turns out that three - quarters of the kids are flashing .
They ca n't wait . Of course , the other children get the second synthetic sugar .
Because they were overwhelmed by temptation , and they had to do it .
And the dawn of this is that I was at Stanford , and he re - categorizing these kids in 14 years and went to bed them up , and they were in the case of this case .
And it turns out that these two kids have huge differences in the whole population .
And the children who wait for the second calf are actually picking up a number of nine , and that 's a two - fold number .
And this is how big it is . That 's the combination of the two - year - old .
They do n't have any problem , it 's a good student .
They self - esteem and delicate , and today , what I 'm talking about today is the same thing , which is that the point is , you know , it 's called " future " to " future . "
What 's the time ? It 's just what I 'm going to talk about .
It 's a time - lapse view of research , and how we 're in the age of time or time , we experience the experience of the time .
And we 've been doing it all .
And the implication of that is that there are a lot of different things , including different kinds of engagement , countries , and different educational backgrounds and different educational backgrounds .
And the problem with this is because it turns out , ultimately the timing of time , because you learn all the time to use it , the other one is very small .
What causes you to do that ?
What you do is determine by how you act .
For some people , this decision is based on the other people 's intuition .
For those of you who make decisions , we call them people : " Because they 're focused on what 's happening .
For other people , it 's not really important .
It 's like , " I used to experience something like this . "
So , they 're making decisions .
We call them people , " Because they 're focused on the past .
And some people , they 're not based on the right time , but it 's not the future .
They focused on unintended consequences .
It 's like cost - care analysis .
We call these people : the future of knowledge , because they 're focusing on the future .
So time time , the time is , what I 'm talking about here is : How do you do this ?
So you 've got a little bit of time - making play .
In fact , six years ago , the two pieces are called " Ski " right now .
Both are called " The Final Hour " and then two .
You can focus on positive experiences or negative experiences . "
And you can focus on what you 're listening to now , and you are focused on happiness , or yourself , for your own life , because your life is controlling .
And of course , you can say , " The goal of the future " is to make a goal .
Or as far as the future is : life is dying after death .
By accelerating the forces of the mental forces , it takes time to do it for time , and it 's that you learn to learn what to do .
So what is the best time to do ?
The height depends on " positive experience , " for the future .
Jonathan Drori on listening now
Never thinking about the negative experience .
In fact , the best time making predictions is that the overall experience of " positive experience " is , you and your family , <unk> .
With the future of future , new challenges .
And what 's happening from " Secret " is the power of power to explore the world and the other needs .
For any time , it 's always going to be a lot of time .
For example : what 's the success of the future ?
We need to spend more time with family and family as well as the family .
To spend a lot of money , it needs money to pay money .
And it needs a lot of money , and you need to pay for sleep , so you can influence the health .
They work in their lives , and they work and control the balance .
And I assure you some people in this room .
These are the people who greeted me , and I 'm born in the South Bronx , who is a poor guy in South television , where everyone is at the beginning and live on the right time .
In this case , I , as a man , is a guy who has taken me into my teacher , and I 've made all the money to change the future of the Web .
Tell me not to do the marshmallow because if you wait , you get two and a half until I learned how to balance the balance .
Now I learned " enjoying " right now , and also learning the positive experience , so when I was seven years old , I felt that I did n't have any power , the power to be happier .
Here , I just wanted to say , to use this principle to tackle a lot of problems in the world to change the schools in schools , stimulate the Nobel Prize at the time of the ages , and to heal the atrocities , the elders who have been able to get a promotion - induced arrangement of what 's going on and protect the body 's balance to the next 50 years , which is about 50 percent of all the people who are going to continue to have the same balance between the destruction of a suicide
And what I 'd like to say is that there 's a lot of responses to understand that the rest of your life is going to be interrupted .
The truth is simple and understandable .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/peter_hirshberg_on_tv_and_the_web.html
What 's going on today is going to impact 100 years , 1,000 years ? Rupert Murdoch , " Long News " project , amassing that it 's not just in the present time , and the next few years . In Google , he shows the headline of the future .
future , global issues , media , news , science
<unk>
Jonathan Drori : Now , real news
We were covered with news .
Youth million news stories about 350 news tales .
This is just a tunnel .
My problem is : How many of these newspapers have been affected by this ?
So that 's what 's called a long story .
This is a project funded by the EPA Foundation Foundation , which led to TED Corporation , and Kevin Kelly .
We 're trying to find a good news story , 50 or 100 years , 100 or 10,000 years .
I mean , it 's a lot of news to filter across the ground , and it 's going to fall out of the way .
Suppose you 've found the headlines that have been collected last year ?
Or do this ?
Or do this ?
Really ?
Will you have a impact on 50 or 100 years ?
Okay , so that 's cool .
But the final headline was the economy , and I would n't leave it until I was going to finish it .
So what might the story of the future effect ?
Okay , let 's look at science .
In a day , agile robot can be used in our blood vessels .
And if you 're a mouse , it 's been published .
A few recent articles exploded , and they killed the cancer to kill the gene inside the brain ; they built a robot that 's in the body .
Autonomy : How do we prepare for 90 billion dollars ?
We do n't have a hundred billion species of stomach .
We heard about it yesterday , over 10 people dying .
Without crops , Britain would win .
Luckily , Bill Gates took 10 billion dollars to study it .
So what about international politics ?
And the world is very different , and if you take China , they might be able to do it .
They 've reached the United States become the largest automobile market in the world , and they get more than German , they 've been able to do it in their children .
We 're looking for a variety of ways that we know .
In some recent discoveries , there 's a group of people who are spreading around the continent now , and we have a self - organizing robot in Antarctica , a computer scientist , which is probably not going to require us , but we 've never had to be able to do it for 12 million years .
It 's like if we 're living forever .
But I chose the long news last year , " This one , the moon found out the water .
So this makes a lot of time on the moon .
If NASA does n't do this , maybe China , or some of the people who are doing a big wheel .
What I 'm thinking about is a long - term view , and some of the stories are more important than other news stories .
http://www.ted.com/talks/eve_ensler_embrace_your_inner_girl.html
The planet M.C. Escher have opened up to Saturn , and we showed the videotape of Saturn 's image and the shape of the Big Bang .
NASA , design , exploration , science , space , sustainability , technology , universe
<unk>
Josh Savage - Rumbaugh on Saturn
In the next 18 minutes , I 'll take you .
I 'm not going to stop the journey , and 50 years ago , the human race took the Earth .
In this 50 years , it 's not just to go to the moon and send all eight planets , and we 're going to put the robots , we 've got a couple of things , but we have a little bit of irons , so we 'll put a airplane for one of the last few years .
All of these robots are actually part of a human race : one of the finalists for understanding and to understand how we sit at the universe , and understand the origin of human origins and understanding the human development .
And in the midst of the solar system , we 've been able to find the answer to the answers , human beings , who have been traveling to Saturn -- early ' 80s -- the early 1980s -- and the Human Genome Project , which is the most important detector of Saturn , and it 's going to be the best detectors that we have on the planet .
Now , NASA is a solar system .
She gives her the dawn of science and she gives the science of a new discovery to explore the universe .
And the study of her , and we learned a lot about what we call these stars , called spiral Galaxy .
So this magnificent picture is a very good picture of Andromeda , the galaxy , and it 's the largest spiral galaxy in the Earth .
This is an aerial picture of a map of SpaceShipOne .
So the journey of Saturn is actually -- for example , humans are going to be able to figure out how to understand the inner connection of all the things that humans have to do with the rest of the world .
It 's not going to show you all the information information , and I 'm feeling guilty .
Because I could n't show you the beautiful picture of the past two and a half years .
But I would like to look at two of the most exciting aspects of Saturn in the last two years .
Saturn is a very large and barren moon .
In this case , it 's only about the size of the United States , which is the U.S.
In fact , the most beautiful picture is that there 's a satellite photograph of Saturn , and this is a Saturn hole and a tractor island -- and it 's actually actually close to the vertical Earth , right now , right now , on the vertical axis .
And these are two of the 700 stars in the Pacific satellites .
Let 's go back and pick it up . It 's Bob 's biggest moon until it hits it , and it 's very recent exploration .
It 's a very hard time for people to study planets .
It has a big , refreshing atmosphere , and it 's very close to the Earth , at least as long as the rest of the planet .
The atmosphere has molecules , and it 's just like we 're now in this room , but the atmosphere is full of methane , the water and the resistance of organic radiation .
And the very high - level of these molecules are a very high - resolution arrangement .
And the smoke continues , and it perpetuates the whole way .
In our eyes , it 's not visible .
But it turns out that it 's a hundred hundred years ago , and these are the hundreds of millions of years from the surface of the Earth and then the form of organic diversity .
It 's like the Grand Canyon on Earth , and I do n't know .
And what we 're proposing is that these molecules are very , very large - methane , and it 's a liquid that 's liquid up to Saturn .
We found that methane is a water tank .
And in the atmosphere , there is this discovery that we 've been able to do with a lot of <unk> , which is that it might be possible , Saturn is the methane of a methane , and there 's a heat shield that can do it on the ground .
It 's about 350 meters across the ground .
And it turns out , but there 's a lamp .
It 's like the Earth , Saturn , and the waterfall is the size of the Big Bang , the valley and its sail .
This is the root of the zooming , and then onwards to the <unk> . You stop thinking .
What would the surface of Saturn look like ?
The Highline under Saturn is the dark , like the Earth 's Earth .
It 's very cold , and it 's going to be in the water , but it might be rain , imagine standing in front of a tree , and it 's lighting up .
In Houston Springs , we were looking at this image of Saturn , and we found that there was a difference between it , but it was the same thing .
For us , for the people who love it , this is sort of like a kind of puzzle - like novel .
As I said , Saturn has a big atmosphere .
This is a picture of Saturn in a sun 's nest .
This is another moon , and I do n't know which one . It 's a big atmosphere .
And the device on the ground can go through the atmosphere and see the surface of Saturn , and my device is still on the top .
Here 's our picture .
And there are light and dark areas , and our devices can only reach the level .
This is a secret -- how we ca n't get to Saturn .
And to look at you , you 'll see that it 's a bit of a way of looking at it , and this is what we do n't know .
And then we have a heavy container , but there 's not a few of them , so it 's a new surface .
It 's also cluttered .
Some seemed to be stuck .
And in any planets , you know , there 's a silver hole on the planet .
The north structure is changing .
But we ca n't understand the picture until it was about six months after Saturn , and a discovery that could be called the Personal Genome Project .
This is the Russians ' Sputnik Project , and the European Union created seven years . We 're going to go into the atmosphere and get out of the air and eventually landing and landed on the ground , eventually .
I want to highlight it .
And this is the kind of dynamic device in the history of human history .
This is important to me , and we 're going to do it in the Lower East Side .
.
And one of the reasons is , there is a international mission in Europe , and Germany , people to celebrate speeches in Britain , Germany and French , in France , Italy , the Netherlands .
This is a really exciting thing you 're looking for for the United Nations , and the definition of the U.N.
So , exploring a planet is a big task , and it turns out how a human history has n't been stopped .
And there 's no one , I 've got a couple of them .
And this is a couple of exciting times , and I 'm going to leave you with a lot of time , as you should never meet .
Singer : Ah !
But it took the data out of the process of throwaways .
And that first picture takes off the surface , and that 's what it looks like .
And this is astonishing , and it 's a picture of the original trajectory .
This is a clear , geography version .
This is the kind of picture that 's going on the ground .
You can see how they covers the surface .
It goes into the Rift Valley .
And what you see is the Rover .
Rain ? We do n't know .
But this is kind of a form of form .
This is a picture taken out of a 16 miles above the 16 miles
This is eight kilometers . Okay , wait .
Okay , 16 kilometers , eight kilometers --
It 's about the American airplane of America .
So this is the view of the flying airplane .
Finally , the detectors , and ladies and gentlemen , I 'm going to show you the picture of the satellite system .
This is the horizon .
These are little boats .
Singer : Ah !
Clearly , the shape of the detectors and the darkness , and so it has no ventilation . So it does n't fall off the street .
And it actually takes the point on the line .
And the land of this area is full of liquid methane .
And this is about how this material goes down to the bottom of the Big Bang , where we 're looking at the threshold of what we see .
It landed on this .
But the picture that we have in our picture is not a little bit of water .
What 's the water ? When we find a sand dune , it 's a little more nuanced .
And this is what we 're going to take on the equator , and the video is about 100 meters of sand , so they do n't have a lot of water , and they 're not going to do it right now . Right ?
This is 1,000 to 13 kilometers long .
It 's a problem .
Clearly , if you do n't get a boat , you ca n't get sand dunes .
So , it 's not the water that is not water , but then we find the Russians .
Here 's a scene on the North Pole .
It 's about 30,000 .
About 10 years ago , the detectors went to the North Pole and found the big picture .
And what we 're talking about is that it 's going to be in some cases where some seasons are going to go .
You can think of it as beautiful , secret . It 's a lot of prestige , but it 's the equivalent of the Earth to the same kind of planet , and the terrain , which is a very , very large planet in the world , in which the only planet that 's going to be on the planet is only there .
Take a look at the Grand Canyon , and there 's a very small planet on the planet , which is just a little bit of the size , but it 's not the Earth 's security threat .
.
It 's very white , and it 's a very smooth surface .
Slim - bodied , active activity
But the Highline in the South Pole -- this is the Antarctic , and it 's the North Pole .
The color color is slightly different .
And it turns out it 's a very organic object .
Meanwhile , the whole region is going down , and the South area hits . It 's the tallest area of temperature .
It 's odd , like the South Earth , and the North Earth is hotter in the equator .
And if you look at the other picture , it 's going to be the equivalent of the fall of ice absorbent .
And through the light bulb , we can see that the ice is going to be a form of ice , and it 's shaped by the shape of the other image , which is about 130 miles per second .
And I worked with my group to analyze the images , like this , and the rest of the other day .
And what we found was that it might be the equivalent of a hundred - year - old colonies of the ages of a year - year - old .
It might be liquid , organic or flatter .
This is an unexpected discovery of modern galaxies , which is another organism that can survive .
Do n't tell me , you know all the planets in the solar system , whether it 's not just the rest of the planet , or whatever it is in culture and technology .
And if we were able to prove that there was not a lot of time , or twice , there were two planets in the solar system , which means that the rest of the planet would have happened over a dozen years .
Now , the Earth is the only planet we know .
It 's precious and unique , and also the only family .
In the 1960s , the 20th century is not the case as if you remember the top of the 1968 of 1968 , eight - quarters of August -- the photos of 1958 .
And that 's the Earth 's picture taken from the space of space , and the responsibility of this picture is a profound impact on our own planet .
And you can tell the first one to do the picture of the human eye .
This is an aerial view of the skull .
And in this picture , the picture of this photograph is made of the sun 's light , which reflects the panels of a sun , and it 's a blade of wood .
And if it 's not too beautiful , it can look at the picture of the Earth 's picture .
Looking at what we 're looking at , our home is very moving across the space , and we 're leaving the planet .
Maybe it 's a long - term exploration of exploring our reward to our interests .
Thank you very much .
Fulbright
And the upshot of 2005 is that there are 15 percent of the world , and this is going to be the same way to protect the economy , but the terrain and the road makes the economic unacceptable . In this short talk , Google <unk> shows a map of how people can make a software map , to make the open - up software .
collaboration , design , map , technology
<unk>
Kary Mullis : Building a map : Narrator : An economy
In 2008 , D.C. exploded .
So millions of people were getting help .
U.N. wants to be a little bit of a mosquito , steady defense .
But instead of having the map of the road , it does n't have a map , and it 's not going to help the people in the hospital .
When we look at Los Angeles , the map of London showed that there are 15 percent of the world in 2005 , which is a very similar map .
The United Nations is going to be the same problem for most people : no serious map .
Fortunately to women .
There are 40 volunteers in Google using a software regulator procedure , 3,000 hospitals , transportation and rescue centers .
They spent four days .
They use software ? It 's Monday .
Google Fowler is a technology that allows us to reconceptualize our place .
And people use this kind of software on the map , and the river , the local business , goes to the corner corner of the street to San Francisco , park it .
The map is really important .
The privatization of Nobel Prize was greeted by the liberation of the Civil War II Organization , thinking that a lot of it was developed in the developing world of developing countries .
For example , as long as it is about India , it 's not been developed by development .
It took millions and thousands of people in 170 countries on the map , and they created a lot of the unexpected accuracy of this map .
And this has to thank for all the rest of the world to make this happen possible .
Now let 's take a look at what 's called a map of a map .
And here 's where we 're talking about 170 countries at the same time .
You can see in Africa , in the predecessor of 1955 .
A little bit closer to the landing of the tag in Bangalore .
And this is the result of the computing campaign , and the results of machines learn .
This is the distribution of billions of urban people who have thousands of other people , and a message is a message .
This is also about 70 percent of the world , and that 's not the place of mapping the map .
Welcome to San Jose .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sergey_brin_and_larry_page_on_google.html
In 2003 , a Nankani village in Asia , where people who are trying to stop the military military for their eggs , and they 've been doing this , you know , " Did you hear this ? Do n't you see it ? What 's wrong with the movie ? "
arts , communication , compassion , entertainment , film , peace , violence , war
<unk>
Christopher Fowler : The attention of security
I am an actor .
In the last eight years , I was faced with the documentaries of conflict and Palestinian methods .
When I was working on the workforce , I had a problem in Europe , and I 'd never met a problem with a terrorist coup .
PH : Why Palestinians do n't lead to violent violence .
And every time I heard this problem , because I 've been working on the Middle East , my job was to go back to the Atlantic Ocean , and I was photographed by the polling stations and the water soldiers and their fishermen flocked to Israel .
And these leaders are trying to do this , and they 're going to end up doing a massive fusion campaign in this area .
And most people have never heard about them .
And the idea of truth is that one of the reasons is the key to why Palestinian peace is not successful .
What I 'm talking about today is the power of focus , your ability to focus on the rise and the development of the plurality of other places , and in the developing world , where I actually analyzed the character of dengue .
And I think the most inadequate thing about terror is not to make the lion happen ; it 's not going to happen to the eradication movement , but let 's start looking at the people who are beginning to be violent movement .
Now , I led you to the village to explain this , and this village was a major village .
And about seven years ago , the people who were faced with Israel , and he announced that it would make a ring on this village .
And the Euro will lose 40 percent of land and lose the freedom of freedom to go into the countryside .
With local leaders , they launched a peace system to avoid this .
And I 'm going to show you a little bit about the footage that 's going on on the ground .
Narrator : They said that it would decrease the mosquito and Israel supplies to Israel .
And in the bottom of the manila folder , we realized that the position was going to be our land .
BP : The Fowler line is actually a solution to the battle of defense .
Today I enlist you to join a peace shelter .
And what you 're going to do with you is the <unk> of Israel , the Raspyni Brothers .
Israel : The council of military military fear is fear destruction .
Girl 2 : We see men who try to fill those soldiers and they do n't .
And I think the girls can do it .
PH : We have to react to the traditional ideas of the brain .
Homaro organizations : we 're totally peace , we hope it 's whole .
PH : The European Union .
Christopher Tim Ocean .
Bad news : conflict , conflict continues .
Interviewer : The recovery of Israel , the breakup of Israel .
They were allowed to use all of the necessary benefits .
Man : They 're picking up .
This is just like the Grand Canyon , which is all around the guns .
Israel : I know we 're going to take care .
I do n't have a lot of compassion .
Narrator : An anti - terrorist currency does n't prevent us to build this trail .
Narrator : This is a peace - class guy .
We do n't need electricity .
PH : We 're going to do it for us .
We 've got to do it .
Clay Shirky : When I first heard about this story of the first time , I felt very surprised about the global Media Lab , and it was about seven years ago .
And the more amazing thing was , " Sputnik got won . "
In a long 10 months of peace , there 's a group of people who have convinced the stock ward , and they 're going to go from their land to the city , which is the International Astronomical Union , where the Netherlands is the Netherlands .
Narrator : A huge impact on the top of the village , in Eritrea and in Jerusalem .
But media is almost almost very far .
Narrator : So this inhibits the growth of trauma , even though it 's actually gone extinct .
It 's a very important aspect of violence and violence , and it 's an important thing , like a theater , to attract audience to your audience .
And if violence is always going to be a very difficult example , it 's hard to show the people of the world , and the politics of peace is really difficult to look at it .
It 's not a very unfamiliar condition for people .
And if the kids have been able to get the parents ' attention , you have to pay attention to your children .
It turns out that it 's a function of child psychologist , and the functions of the children , the functions of children , who learn the parents .
Parents can be able to mobilize or treat , to engage or embrace it .
And it 's also about adults .
In fact , the community and the countries of the country can be influenced by influence , and it depends on the aspects of international choice .
I believe that the conflict of conflict in the Middle East is the key to peace , and we 're going to have a lot of security in our local leaders .
In the midst of the Rift Valley , and the southern areas , I witnessed the impact of a documentary 's impact on the influence of behavior change .
In the very very top of Jerusalem , there was a minimum of what happened to the outskirts of a Nankani village named Carrie Buy .
They 're going to lose a huge amount of land , and they 're not going to be able to get free .
For two years , a couple of years of violence , they eventually end up because they did n't get any clues .
So we were there with a documentary video .
And a week later , they organized a great number of rules at the time .
And the police said , " The story of the puzzle was the story , and they felt that somebody was really concerned with them .
They did n't give up .
Israel has a new kind of peace system called " The Oprah Album , " in which it 's called a mash - up . "
The top story of Rick Warren is one of the main components of this movement .
They understood that the people who have never been able to go to see the power of any kind of balance that they had never ever seen before .
And the example of taking care of that is to give us a sample of what 's going on , and even if it 's small , we can do it with a kind of loss of cost .
Think about the dominant medium , if you start to report a couple of years ago at the University of Geology and Jerusalem , there 's a lot of violence in the countryside , and it 's going to be a tremendous amount of power .
And I believe that the most important thing is that we have to recognize that if we do n't care about these movement , they 're not just going to happen .
But I 'm going to spend a lot of time if we 're focused on the movement .
And when they developed it , they spread through conflict .
This effect will be able to end the conflict .
And these leaders prove to be a place of pests - based , in the same place .
And we looked at them and they showed them that it could be possible .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/scott_kim_takes_apart_the_art_of_puzzles.html
Salman Turner is a simple but unexpected model to express the leader of the commons , and the core of this model is to say , " Why ? " And it 's the importance of a leader . " He talks about the Apple , James Luther King , who has been able to get the apple , but at the same time , it has to be an example of what 's going on in the last few times . It 's still the case . But it does n't seem to hurt .
advertising , business , entrepreneur , leadership , sports , productivity , success
<unk>
Simon Fowler : How great leaders inspired
What 's happening when the things happen ?
In other words , when others seem to be successful , how do you explain ?
For example , why the Fowler apple ?
For years , year , they were more innovative than all players .
And they 're just a <unk> .
They do n't have any other company .
The same way , with the same human being , the exact same kind of bike , consultant and the media .
So why would they look like this ?
Again , why was a leader named Martin Luther King ?
That time at the time , in the U.S. , it was not only one person was a man . He did n't have the only time of that time .
Why is he ?
And the reason why Jimmy is able to build the power of incentives , and the other teams that they do n't seem to be more capable , much more powerful , more money .
They were able to build a plane airplane , and the Wright hired them .
There are some other factors going on .
About three and a half years ago , I had a new discovery .
This discovery completely changed the way I work on this world , and even change my job .
And that 's what I found .
And I found all the great leaders of the world , and the organizations , whether the apple , Martin Luther King , was a teacher , or a BBC , they thought , the way , movement , communication .
But it 's completely opposite for all other people .
And what I 'm doing is just just sending it up . This is probably the simplest concept of the world .
I call it the Orange Falcon .
Why ? How do you do it ? What ?
It 's a little model that explains why some organizations and leaders can not stimulate the inspiration and the potential .
I 'll just spool it out very quickly .
Everyone on Earth , every organization understands what they do , 100 percent .
Some of you know how to do it , and you can call your differences , or your unique set of content , whether you have a unique piece or a piece of your own personality .
But it 's very , very small people to understand why .
The reason " Why " , " and " The Purpose " is nothing .
It 's just a consequence , and it 's never been a result .
And I said , " What 's your purpose ? "
What do you do ? What is the belief ?
Why is your organization ?
You know , why is n't you ?
Why should people care about you ?
And the upshot of that is , the way we think of action , communication is all made of <unk> .
Clearly , what we 're going to do is start a clear way of beginning , and then go through something .
But the dynamic leader and the organizations , regardless of their size , is the way they think , they 're thinking , action and communication .
Take example .
And I want to talk about Apple because it 's simple to understand each other .
And if the apple came to the other other companies , they would say , " We do the best computer .
Design is beautiful , using a simple , interface .
Do you want to buy one ? " Sweeney : Okay .
So this is a way of communicating .
And the way that most Canadians , most of the ways of selling it , is a way of connecting each other .
We 're talking about what our professional business is , and we 're saying , " How are we going to be better or more better than others , but then we 'll expect some other reactions , like a Starbucks , or whatever .
This is our lawyer 's lawyer , and we have the best lawyer and the biggest customers , we always have to pay for customers .
And this is our mantra , and it 's very , very high - resolution , and we buy a ticket .
But they do n't have a lot of money .
Here 's the Apple method .
" We 're doing everything , all of a sudden , to tackle and innovate .
We believe that should be thinking about different ways .
The way we challenge our products is to take us very well , use simple , simple and interface .
We just had the best computers in this process .
Do you want to buy one ? "
It 's totally different , right ? You 're ready to buy one .
What I 'm doing is just turning the information upside down .
The truth has shown us that people are not the product you 're doing , people get your beliefs and the goals .
They 're not the product you 're doing , people get your beliefs .
And this explains why everyone here is from the Apple Buy to buy computer computers .
But we get from apples to buy concerts , and the cell phone , or the digital digital cameras .
And in fact , I 've been talking about Apple just a little bit .
There 's nothing to do with the structure of a violin maker .
Sergey and Fowler is the same capacity for all these products .
They actually tried .
A few years ago , the company launched .
They created the abilities .
Because they do it for a long time .
But they do n't have their legs .
Narrator : It was very good for the mass of the product , and the quality of their product was really good , but they did n't have their products .
And , in fact , we ca n't imagine that we could buy concerts from the Houston pedal .
PH : How would you get a 20-page ticket ?
But we do that every day .
They 're not the product you 're doing , people get your beliefs .
The goal of doing companies is not to give you the people who need your product .
It 's about people who have the same ideas .
This is the most amazing part . I said , " None of my own thinking .
These ideas can be found from biology .
It 's not psychology , it 's biology .
When you look at the pattern of the brain , you find the human brain actually divided into three major parts , and the three main parts are really good .
We have the latest brains , the brain of intelligence , or our cerebral cortex , for what 's called " What 's here . "
We all think of all the rules and our logic thinking and the language functions .
Two components in the middle are our two stars , and we 're all responsible for all of our emotions , like trust and loyalty .
It 's a language and decision decision , but there 's no language functions .
In other words , when we communicate with it , it is , you know , people can understand a lot of complex information , like the characteristics , the benefits , the truth .
But it 's a prestige action .
When we rely on the same brain , we 're in direct contact with the brain of direct behavior , and then we can think of what we call and what the things we do .
So this is the Open decisions of those decisions .
You know , sometimes you show people all the data , and they say , " I know this data and graphs is what it means , but it 's not . "
Why would we use this verb ? "
Because the parts of the decision , the brain of control is not a language .
And we said , " I do n't know why , it 's not right . "
Or sometimes , you 're talking to the other person , or the soul .
I do n't want to lock it too well , but it 's not the part of the soul .
All of this happens in your lexicon , controlling your decision behavior rather than language .
If you do n't know what you 're doing , what is the other thing you want to do , and how can you win you to your support , or , you know , how are you going to get things to you and you can get the thing that you are doing .
Once again , the goal is not just to give you something that you have to sell to their people ; it 's the people who sell them .
The goal is not just raising people who need a job ; the goals are the people you have .
You know , I always say that if you hire someone just because he can do this job , they just work for you , and they 're just going to take you to the people who are responsible for your belief , but they 'll pay you for the rest of you .
This is a bit more appropriate than the teacher 's story .
Most people do n't want to get this guy out .
In the early 20th century , the passion of aviation is just like the site 's site right now .
Everyone 's doing it .
Clay Shirky has all of us thinking about success .
I mean , even though you ask people , " Why are your product failed or company failed ? "
And people always use the same three things to answer you , and you ca n't tell you the money , it 's not bad .
It 's always the three reasons , so let 's go to this .
Narrator : Five million dollars a profit for the investment of a group of robots .
So money is not problem .
He was working in Harvard at Harvard University , and he was learning a very variety of people who had been working on it .
So , he hired the best people to attract the most good people .
The New York Times was made for him , and everybody supported him .
But why would you even listen to him ?
At the same time , Florida , there are a couple brothers who have some brothers , Steven Wright , who had no idea of what we thought was successful .
They do n't have money . They use their bicycle shops to go to their dreams . ♫ ♫ Sobule : There 's no one in their college team , and the New York Times does n't even have a lot of time .
What 's different about this is a career , a goal , an obligation .
They believe that if they can create the data , it will change the world 's progress .
And Nike is different .
He wanted to be rich , and he wanted it to be .
It was the end result .
It 's full .
See , look at that .
And the people who were very happy with the Wright brothers , the principal of the Red Brigades , went to their gym .
On the other hand , it 's been working for suicide .
And the story of Bharti said , every one of the reporters went out , and they had to take the bow parts , because it was in the back to get killed .
And finally , in December 12 , the Wright Academy was successful , and there was no other one to see .
We knew it was a few days later .
And the thing that happened then was that it was not easy to look at it , and he was able to do it at the high school .
He should say , " Boy , it 's a great invention , I can improve your technology . " But he does n't .
Because he was n't the first one to build the airplane , and he would n't be very , very popular , so he did n't get a long time .
It 's not your product ; it 's your belief .
If you talk about your beliefs , you attract people to the same faith .
But why is that important to attract people to the same faith ?
There 's a pattern of innovation , and if you do n't know that pattern , you know the concept .
Our society is about half a million people .
Eighty - five percent of people were early <unk> .
And the next thing that 's early on is that most of the time , and then the most immediate and the end of the end .
And the only reason that this one 's going to be picked up is the number one thing that they 're going to do because they 're not going to go to the phone .
But even though we 're in the middle of a curve , it 's a different kind of thing , but innovation basically tells us that if you want to have a lot of money in a public marketplace , you have to wait for a problem , and you get 15 percent of the stock market , then the market is really going to really open up to the point .
I like to ask companies , " How do you get a new business ? "
They 'd be proud to tell you , " Oh , it 's about 10 percent . "
Yeah , you 're probably going to be more than 10 percent in diameter .
We all make 10 percent .
Yes , we like them .
It 's like , " Oh , they 're a little bit mad . "
And the question is : How do you find that when you 're not as a member of your customer , you can see the people who ca n't do it with people ?
And this is the question , which is this gap , and you 've got to hook this underground , as Craig said , " Out ahead , it 's not going to take a whole new thing , because some of the early ones have been tried .
And these guys , innovators and early early , they like the bold attempts .
They 're more natural than what they 're doing , and it 's not just what 's going on in their worldview .
This is a couple of days from the first few days of the iPhone to meet 60,000 hours of people , and as long as you go to the bathroom , you can buy it from a long week .
And this is a group of four million dollars a day when the first four - year - olds get one of these people , even though the technology was n't .
They 're not just because they 're technology and buying products , but for them .
Because they wanted to be the first one to have a new product .
People buy not your product ; people get your beliefs . You just forgot your belief .
In fact , people would go to their beliefs .
And those who came to the head for six hours to go to their head , and four hours of their worldview , which was the first time they wanted to see how other people saw themselves .
It 's not your product ; they 're buying your belief .
And I 'm going to go back to the famous example of this , which is the winning example of innovation and a success example .
So let 's start with this example of failure .
Or business business .
As a matter of fact , we just said that the key part of success is a tremendous amount of money , good people and good markets , and , if you 're supposed to be able to do that .
Look at the National Office .
It was about eight , nine and nine years ago , until today , they were all the only best product in the market , and it does n't have any problem .
They 're definitely money .
And the market is great .
In fact , the " Lord " is a verb for everyday people .
For example : I 'm often sending things up to the digital video of Warner and digital videos .
But this is a commercial situation .
They did n't make it .
They were at 30 to 40 and 40 dollars , and then the line was never more than 10 dollars .
In fact , I think it 's almost impossible to do it than six dollars , except a lot of small numbers .
Because , you know , the new building is a new set of products , and they just tell us what they do .
And they said , " Our product can pause the TV , get the ads , and keep the television , you can even remember the habit of looking at it . "
People say , " We do n't believe you either .
We do n't need something like this , we do n't like it .
You 're in the middle . "
If they say , " If you want to control your life , the friends , then try to get our products .
It 's going to stop the show , and the ad is very happy , but you can get your eyes to look at the habit , and so on .
It 's not your product ; people are buying your beliefs ; it 's your belief .
So I 'm going to show you a success example .
In summer 2010 , 25 million people are listening to Dr. Martin Luther King , who listen to Dr. Martin Luther King .
And there was no way of being able to walk the date , and it could n't be tracked online .
How do you have 25 million people ?
And the Dutch was not the only great practitioner of America .
It 's not the only person in the United States at the top of the U.S. Act .
In fact , some of his ideas were not right .
But he had a talent .
He did n't have the American need to change the U.S.
He 's just telling people what he believes .
" I believe . I believed . That 's it . " He always said that .
And the people who relate to his same beliefs , they were inspired by their beliefs .
Some people build some organizations for more people .
And you can see , this is 25 million people , and then they listened to him .
How many people are to listen to " what 's the talk ? "
No one .
They were to themselves .
This is the American support for the U.S. to sit eight hours in the streets of Washington , D.C.
It 's the belief that they believe that it 's not black and white . 25 percent is white .
The lyrics of Dr. Martin believes that there are two choices in the world , and one is the one , which is a one - based thing .
And until the rules of the people who were working on the legal system , it was all about the world that we really lived in the world of justice .
It 's just one thing that tries to help him get to the real truth .
We follow him , not for him ; it 's for us .
By the way , his speech is " I have a dream . "
Take a look at the 12 of the politicians that are introduced to this .
Nothing happens .
Some people are <unk> , and some people have a leader .
It 's just just enlightening the power of power and prestige , but there 's only a leader of the leader .
Whether they 're individual or organizations , we all beat the leader , not because we have to do it , but we will .
We follow people in leaders , not for them , but for us .
There are only those people who come from " why " is the capacity to inspire people , or find them to promote their people .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/scott_kim_takes_apart_the_art_of_puzzles.html
How are you going to remember what 's going on in this place ? How do you decide whether you get to the direction ? The robot scientist Myhrvold has studied the functions of the nervous system , and how it works with memory and imagination .
brain , cognitive science , exploration , sports , science
<unk>
Neil Willis : How the brain takes us
When we 're in the middle of a big parking park , how would we remember where the spike was going down ?
This is what 's happening now .
And then we 're going to try to figure out what the movement is . "
We 're going to focus on the brain , which is the yellow area , which is our memories of memory .
If the Rift sectors are damaged , like Alzheimer 's , you lose the car , and the Rover is going to park the bus .
And the waiter , in the Latin Latin , is " The Eagle East " because the shape of the brain is kind of like a kind of " <unk> . "
The Rift Valley and the brain is similar to the equivalent of neurons .
The human brain is made about 100 million neurons .
And each neuron cell cell touches a little bit of power from a swarm plus each other , and " communication " communication .
The circled areas are made by two tons of cells , and these two cells are connected .
And scientists who have been able to get a little bit of a neuron in documenting mice in a particular environment , to understand how space works and work to work .
Now imagine , we 're looking for a neuron with a mouse cell , a video of the mouse .
And every time this cell is making a little sine ring , then then you get a red dot and a piece of sound .
We can see that every single one of the mice is going into a specific location , and this neuron is responsive .
And then this cell is going to transfer this information to the other area of the brain .
And here , we can transfer the frequency of the nerve to send a mouse to the place where the cell phones are .
And if we 're recording a lot of different cells , we find that when the mouse is in different locations , different neurons can produce their motors , as we see in these squares .
And these signals are taken into the brain and put it into a map , and , " What are I now in the environment ? "
We also track the neurons in the brain .
And the patient 's patients need to monitor their level - grade activities .
Some patient play a game game , and they 're going to drive freedom in a town .
And then when they give up to one another , their brain cells have been activated , and the neurons are activated by activated .
So how can the cell cells know the mouse or the people in a position ?
There are two neurons here , and they tell us that the role of the environment is really important .
And this is a cell that breathes with the middle of the mouse to the center .
So when you 're going to expand the box , the signal goes up and down again .
The next one is going to be a little bit of a mouse in southern steel .
So when you put it in a box , whether it 's a mouse on the phone , you can see that it has a lot of equipment in southern Manhattan , and it turns out it 's the same signal .
It means to be understood to the yards of the grass -- a very important distance between the wind and the direction .
And indeed , in the mouse , we 've been able to monitor signals between the inside of the environment , and testing the signals that are going to be specific and accurate to the direction of the environment .
And the cells on the left , you can see , when the mouse is approaching the circuit or the barrier , the cell is going to respond , whether it 's a <unk> , or a piece of wood , and even a mouse box .
And the cell cells are on the border at the bottom of the mouse , and it 's not the equivalent of an umbrella of a wall , or a piece of wall -- even two to a wall .
And that 's one of the ways that we 're proposing the animal 's approach to animals .
We also detect , humans are in a simple environment , and it 's the equivalent of what 's going to be like 13 percent of the object , or it is like your car .
We 're going to get people to be familiar with the environment and get the things that are going on .
And then , again , let them go back to that environment , usually they can calculate the object in the same way .
But in some experiments , we will change the environment and the scale , as we 're talking about " The cell cells " to do .
So , we can change the shape of the environment and the scales , and to understand what 's happening to the flags .
So , for example , you can see , assuming that this flag is in the corner of the wall , and then you ask people where people are , but you 're actually going to have the same level of what 's going on on the ground , which is , in fact , what you 've been betting on is that the mosquito is going down and it 's the exact same thing that they 're thinking about .
It 's kind of like what you 're going to be inspired by the type of cells that you 've been carrying in a specific position , and then when you go back to that place , then you can get back back all over the place and put you on the side of the stair , you know , the signals that are going on with the pattern of cell cells .
And this process makes you go back to the older places .
We also can give ourselves a mix of ourselves together .
So when we came out -- maybe we walked back to the end of the park , and we could walk out of it -- we can put ourselves in the process , because we were able to do it for the same time .
And " The cells are also able to get the cells from a cell called " cell cell " cells .
And it turns out that the signals that are going to be put in the center of the Rift Valley , and it 's a little bit of a kind of a blend cell .
And as the mouse is exploring , every neuron has been inspired by a lot of different locations , and in the whole environment , through the entire environment .
If you want to record a whole series of amateur cells , there 's a different type of signal -- every cell 's signal can form , in the whole environment , and every single cell of each cell has something to do with the other cell .
So red peeling pieces in red , green is that , and the blue is this .
So again , it 's like a kind of mouse can build a virtual position where you can see the lines of what you 're looking at in the map , which is just like the quiz you see on the vertical axis , but it just takes off the lines .
And when the mouse moves around , these sensors can go through these cells to give the next neuron , and that mouse is able to do it for mouse , and it 's a mouse .
Are we there ? "
Because all the locals have the same kind of traffic jams , and the exact same sort of wood , which is , in a superhydrophobic band , that means that everything in the brain is supposed to look at what 's going on at the scale of the daf-2 level , or the direction of six to six directions .
We can make a scan for people , and let them play a little game at the same time , but they 'll see the signal .
The statues is , you 're looking at the cortex in the brain , and you see the layer of light cells , which is where they 're moving and mice .
Now we go back to 9/11 .
He could be able to memorize a relative distance between the ground and the direction of the neighborhood to recall where he stopped .
And that 's what 's going to be created by the signals that are called the cable motor .
And he may remember how to go from the parking way , and this is what it 's going to get out of a cell cell .
These two types of neurons can unlock cells .
So the way he was successful in his journey was to look at the signals that were looking at what was going on to the signal that he used to do with him , which is the way the signals are going to be the way that the signals are going on .
And that would take him to the ' 80s , " the process and the final goal was not whether he was at the end of the car , and he could find the cables .
Maybe the car has been lost .
But he still knew where the car would stop , and so he would go to his car .
And the implication of " space " is if we 're looking at this readout in the brain , it turns out that it 's a form of diversity , and every time we need to recall some of the rest of it , the signals that are going to be active , like , when you 're trying to get to the time that the wedding is going on .
So it might be possible that neurons have taken the functions of the space , and it 's also about visual imagery that when we try to recall it , at least we can use it to imagine the whole point of view .
And if they 're in fact , the form of memory is that , " With the connections between each one of these queries , communication cells are shaped by the side of the Critic and then shaped the spaces that we have .
And the light cell is able to fold the power of the space to the place .
And the other one I did n't talk about , I was not talking about it , and it was all based on your posture .
They can be clear of what you need to do in the brain , and then you take the recall to recall the weddings of the wedding .
Well , all of this is the new development of cognitive neuroscience , and in this area , we start trying to go through the brain of billions of millions of neurons , to understand the process of human behavior , for example , of how people amuse and imagination even even thinking about what 's going on .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/stuart_brown_says_play_is_more_than_fun_it_s_vital.html
Think about a collaboration by collaboration -- much more government , and the power power -- the global security of security , it 's not just open source , but James Watson , who is the best of James Friedman to explain why we 're going to get to the future of the modern World Trade Game .
collaboration , global issues , open - source , peace , politics , social media , violence , war
<unk>
James Fowler : How the most important guy in the world
I 'm going to show you some open safety problems because we 've reached the 21st century .
We 're going to go back to the 20th century , and then we can see how security is the notion of how security works .
This is a chef , a French , who 's in the north of Albert Belgium .
In the ' 60s , the Russians were killed by 300 million , and that was about 2,000 people a day .
We continue to look at the safety of the 20th century -- the security of World War II -- and we looked at a couple of dozen people , 300 million people .
And we went into the Cold War , and we went to build the crown .
We went from World War II Program , and we went to the World Trade Center and the South World Department of World War II to get to the Cold War , and the Berlin Wall .
The walls are not using it .
So what I 'm talking about today is the goal of security , we do n't build the wall , and build bridges .
There 's a very famous bridge in Europe .
It 's in the balloon .
It 's a novel theme in San Francisco , which is the theme of the writer , and it tells the story of how it 's in Europe and the most devastating of the wall in Europe and the Grand Canyon , which is a lot of the wall that 's made out of between the South and Chicago .
And recently , in the decade , we start looking at these regions , even though some of these are the southern spots , even though they 're going together .
And I think again , open security is about connecting international differences , the private , private and public , and transfer them through social networks and communication together .
So , I 'm going to talk about why we need to do that because our goal is threatened by threat , and it 's not a threat to an threat to a threat .
Now , obviously I 'm a sailor .
There 's a boat on the ground .
What 's the problem ?
It 's floating around the boat .
This is how to stave off the ballast .
It 's a very big global threat now . This is just just flower .
It 's still very high - edge .
You know , it works .
In the south sector .
It 's 10,000 dollars per year in global transportation .
In the last year , 20 boats were kidnapped , and the 500 was kidnapped .
This is a threat to global warming .
We need to think about solutions .
Now let 's take a look at another ocean , the ocean .
Here 's the picture of two young people .
In the moment they were imprisoned .
They did a credit card card , and the administrators were more than that .
This is just part of the global economy for two trillion dollars .
Two million dollars a year .
It 's not the GDP of the U.K.
So the network , as we know , is that the most fundamental open source is threatened by terror .
And the other thing I 'd like to worry about is the threat of a threat , which is that the destruction of the treatment , the <unk> , and the drugs , from Europe to get to the U.S.
We were worried from the north coast , the North Pacific Ocean .
We worry about the currency of illegal weapons , but the most important thing is that we fear humanity 's transport , and its cost .
And most transit is through the ocean , but through our lexicon .
This is a picture of a piece that I want to tell you about , and it 's a very high - tech job of the U.S. weapons to stop it .
But bad news is , this is a half - legged device .
It was built in South America .
We brought it through the trajectory of no technology , and it 's wearing steel .
Four million of them , good equipment .
And this brings up to the power of God and the weapons , the massive destruction of destruction , which is part of the threat that we have .
Now let 's look at Afghanistan today .
There was a cafe in Afghanistan .
8,000 to 90 percent of the world , 80 percent , and the Rover , from Afghanistan , came from Afghanistan .
And of course , we see a terrorist .
That 's where the site was built .
We see there 's a very shaky gap here .
So the terrorist is part of the threat of our face , and that we have to tackle .
So , the 21st century .
We know that we 're all about the 20th century .
What should we do ?
And I 'd like to say that we ca n't just save safety just by doing this .
We ca n't just rely on the fields .
We need to be able to recycle the dynamic .
When we use it , we have to use good .
But what I 'm talking about is that the open security is about international , <unk> , private and public communication , through Internet communication .
Let me give you an example .
We had Afghanistan , and the soldiers in Afghanistan .
They all got books .
You might say , " It 's very strange , I think I 've read a lot of young people in this area , 30 years of youth . "
You might be right .
When they go into the Rift Valley , 90 percent are not entrepreneurial .
Why ? Because the Taliban do n't provide education at all .
So the question is , why are they standing there ?
And the answer is , we 're reading them by reading , through workshops , by collaboration with private organizations , using collaboration and <unk> .
We 've been taught to have the most basic reading - selling troops in Afghanistan .
When you read and write , you put a pair of pen in your pocket .
In the Houston store , when these people were graduated , they were very proud of their stores and put them in their pocket .
This is the movement of the world -- and the power of a group of countries -- the force of private and collective service is connected to this safe building .
Now , of course , we also teach them , but I want to say that the open security means to be safe to create more security .
Here 's another example .
This is a American Navy .
It 's called " orange . "
He had a pajama tank , called " orange . "
They were the symbols of their voices .
Christopher Warren was on the coast of the Caribbean and South America .
Normally , he would do eight treatments .
Instead of unfinished force , it 's a lot of humanitarian organizations , like " Hope " and " Miss engineering . "
The other group of tissues is broken .
The other industries came out .
And they were part of this project .
To give you an example of this project , this kid , eight years old , and his mother came up to the Open Street Clinic for the next two years .
And when he stepped down , he was , and he suddenly looked at it and said , " Wow , let 's switch off the bow interface . "
" Mama , I see the world . "
Multiply this up to eight , it 's the treatment , the private and the public , and also the power of the security force , starts to make it safe , to create security .
This is a parchment picture .
Can you find the U.S. military military ?
They 're the ones who are the most primitive , and this is part of the writer , where we try to get a biography of algebra , which is , in the corporate world , that they 're going to go to the military of an armed band -- and it 's a very popular group of people who can actually go back and go and get this into the United States and the Catholic Gallery , at all .
He created a role for young people , and I would like to say that these ideas help create security .
The other part of this partnership is that the rescue and the film work .
This is a bankrupt breakup of the U.S. Air Force , and it 's been killed by the tsunami in 2004 .
In all of the sudden -- in the 19th century , the tsunami of Hong Kong , where the earthquake was dead in 2005 , in Haiti , Bangalore , early earthquake , pandemics , a date of Japanese machines , and in all the cases , we saw the International Trade Center at the same time .
So these are the examples that we 're talking about safe security .
We combined it together , and we put it together .
Now you 're looking at this , and you should think , " Oh , it 's all about communications , or light . "
No , this is a very poor map .
The purple is , the green is the place .
White is combined .
This is how we think about the mangrove , the highest majority of countries coming out : China , India , Facebook , Twitter , chickens , and Indonesia .
What do we do ?
Why would we like to ?
We talked about Saudi Arabia and its power .
I 'll give you a example of how information is spreading .
I was published a talk in London , and I said , " I 'm talking to you about Facebook , plus me .
Stand up .
This is a paper - based paper .
There are two places in the world , and Finland and Indonesia .
The title is this : Take a friend of friends .
Thank you .
I 'll do it .
Here 's a story , and I 'll have hundreds of Facebook friends and asked , from Indonesia and Finland , most of all , I said , " Wow , we 've heard you need to be friends . ♫ Sweeney : Oh , what ? "
So .
Well , we laughed , but this is how we 're spreading the information , and what we do is we put international , different departments , private and private networks to create safe .
Now , let me say a serious news .
This is a picture of a private U.K. .
He 's in the Houston store .
It 's in southern Africa , in South Africa .
And I put him out and I wanted to remind us , I do n't want anybody to leave this room , shake it out , and make the idea of military military .
And this is exactly what we 're doing , we do this thing for freedom , freedom and everything that we put in society .
But you know , life is not switch .
We do n't have either or in war , or we 're in the middle of the war .
I think life is a silver loop .
You need to play a factor and think of how we should build secure in the 21st century , and we 're going to have to be able to use real defense and crisis in a real war , as we 've already discuss , that our troops can be used to the security of our 21st Century , which is the same part of the international security system , the capability of connecting .
In the end , I 'd like to say that some of the things that we heard today about Wikipedia , and I often use Wikipedia and some things like that , like you know , Wikipedia is not the 12 wise people in the house .
Wikipedia is made up of thousands of people a day , millions and millions of others .
The perfect description of this is not a man to think more about it .
There is no person , no one , without a country , to think more of it .
Wikipedia is very simple : create a world that is free to share every human being .
So , I 'd like to say that the international sector , the more agencies , is the power of management , and the strategy , in the 21st century , we can create the collective security of the commons , in the 21st century , as well .
Thank you very much .
Thank you very much .
One , it 's a very attractive planet , and it has beautiful ring .
But for scientists , the ring has a special meaning because we believe that they represent a small , small - scale system .
And some scientists believe that the solar system is created , and there are a lot of dust on the sun and then there 's some things around it and it 's going to form something that goes together and build the planets and form it .
And the idea is , watching Saturn , we can understand how we form the solar system , like a test platform .
Let me show you some NASA systems .
First , let 's switch off Saturn .
Now , all of this is true .
This is not animation , or anything else .
This is actually actually taken from orbit Saturn .
You can see the details of a lot of Saturn , that are particles .
Some of these accumulate are formed .
So this is why Saturn is a little moon , because it 's created in that position .
Now , you think this is big .
Yes , they 're very , very thin , but it 's like a thin thin and a piece of paper .
This is the shadow of Saturn Saturn .
And this is one of the satellites satellite .
So imagine it 's a thin thin bubble , and there are thousands of miles in the area .
It 's going to be a different set of satellites , and every time it works , it allows them to do it over a decade , to explain these things and to NASA -- and why we need to have more money to explore why this stuff is .
There are two very interesting stars .
A one called a petition .
This is what 's called the orbit of measuring .
But something very unusual .
And if you look at these Rovers , we call them bastards , and suddenly we found that temperatures fall out of the heat , which is the other area on the planet .
When we fly on the back of the walk , guess what it 's about .
We saw the Rift Valley .
This is Lake Baikal .
We see ice caps from the Earth , and it 's going to be possible to have the ocean , right below the surface .
And because of the dynamic effects , we have these cables that are exploded .
And I brought over the distance and should be 30 miles ago , and a few months ago we had to do it , so we could actually measure the physical material .
40 miles tall , because we worry about risk , but what it does .
In the top of the lake , we found a lot of organic , the ice caps .
And then a few years later we would continue to fill up to Saturn , and we 're planning more precisely to measure the surface .
Now the other moon brought the whole darn attention , and the reason is that it 's a little moon than the moon , but it has the atmosphere .
The stars and our atmospheres are .
And if you 're standing down , you can feel the same trick as the Earth is , and it 's just a little bit of the atmosphere .
The methane makes people excited , because it 's organic , people think about it , life can evolve , if you find organic .
People believe that the origin of life , because it does n't have to produce biological materials , so that life has to evolve life .
It 's just like the Earth , and it 's about 30 billion years and then it starts with life .
So , it 's interesting to show you a few examples that we 've got a detector , which is , in our European colleagues , there 's an oven - out line of detectors around us , and we 're developing a detectors that have been launched on the vertical axis .
We got a detector to go to the atmosphere .
This picture is the area that we 're flying down .
For me , it 's like San Diego .
You can see the river coming across the coast , and the white area is like the DARPA island , looking like a sea .
In a treadmill , a radar device , we 've found that dengue fever is kind of like the root of the Earth .
It looks like the river , the ocean or the temperature , and there 's clouds . We think there 's a gap .
It 's very , very similar to Earth , but it 's a very cold , not water .
These are the things that look like liquid and carbon dioxide and methane , like joining into something like this .
And this planet is very similar to the Earth , but it 's made from a chemical and methane .
If you 're standing down , you do n't have to worry about four dollars .
By the way up to the east , you can get the car off , and you could get a car ticket .
On the other hand , if you 're swimming on a planet , it will blow up .
In the end , I 'd like to end with a second photograph .
And that 's what makes you think , this is the picture from Saturn , which is a picture of the sun , and it 's a photograph of Saturn .
And the sun is Saturn , and we call it the " Lord of Pearl Dry , " and I put it on a cliff .
I do n't know if you can see , there is a black hole , and there 's a red hole .
We can see our planet . I zoom in .
When you zoom in , you can see the Earth , and it 's in the middle , so we keep going to the art center .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/evan_williams_on_listening_to_twitter_users.html
In the TED conference , Daniel Schwartz Shirky shows a few years of innovation in the future of medicine , through new tools , testing and app to the patients .
design , health care , science , technology
<unk>
Daniel Schwartz : The future of medicine , perhaps one app of cell phones
A few years ago I went to Buffalo , New York , I met <unk> .
And in fact we 've seen it in the Web -- not like what you want .
We know because we all know about Rachel Carson , one of the group of private companies .
And because we had to share with our genetic information , and she knew that the <unk> and I had a very rare piece of DNA -- it would mean we 're at the moment .
In fact , we 're all connected to the relationship between the celebrities .
Yeah , Houston , <unk> and I .
And of course , we 've got a team of connections .
Welcome to you .
When I met in the year of TED at TED , she gathered together , and she created a sample of our joy of happiness .
Why do I tell you about this story , what 's the relationship between the future ?
In fact , I met a very good example of how to use the technology of the subject , the exponential growth of progress , to influence the health of our future health and health care -- from a low - cost genetic analysis to do a lot of diversity with the Internet and social networks .
What I want to talk about today is understanding of these nano - growth technologies .
We 're often linear thinking .
But if you think about it , it 's got to split it every day -- two , four , eight , 16 , 15 days later .
Do you think about a month later ? We 'll have a billion .
And if we start scaling thinking , we 'll see how it affects us .
A lot of technology -- like a physicist and the debit accounts -- we can really start to actually start using the future of our future health and our ability to talk about the most difficult , difficult difficulty , and we do n't really have a really good job of what we 're going to use , the health care , which is a very high - tech experience .
One thing we talk about today is one of the main things we 're talking about .
In the last 20 years , we spent most of the money in life .
What if we could invest and motivated the health care system and the healthy health system to move the right line to improve our health , using technology ?
My favorite technology , the example of nanotechnology , is in our pocket .
So if you want , you 'll notice that these technologies are really highly increasing .
I mean the iPhone .
Think of the iPhone as well .
Now , I have some examples .
I track from looking at a new university School of aviation , which is the Open Street Street .
Every summer we celebrated over 100 million students .
We study these scaling technology from medicine , biological technology , artificial intelligence , robotics , nanotechnology , natural technologies , space technology to find how to deal with the goals of this technology .
We have a seven - legged program .
And a few months from the future of future medicine , a choice to train and apply technology to medicine .
Now I 'm going to call it a little bit .
And these phones have more than two different designs in this cell -- from this one .
And that 's what you can do with a little miniature structure in your iPhone , where you 're not going to get rid of the epidemic .
I do n't know if I 'm going to do this , but it works .
And there 's a variety of techniques and diagnostic connections that you can measure , like -- using your iPhone measuring the data , the doctors and you are able to get them to understand what you 're going to learn as a leader .
Now let 's take a look at how emergence - healthy health care .
Let 's start with speed speed .
We all know , according to Moore , the computer develops faster .
So we can do something more powerful .
They 're approaching , in many cases , beyond the ability of human thinking .
But I think the best places that are most used is actually the biologists technique .
And this technology can look at the inside of the body , and it 's really amazing .
We 're dealing with multiple technologies -- digital scans , CT scans and molecules -- finding and search to find things .
In this case , you 're going to see very high - speed scans , and it 's releasing by releasing Mark Mark Johnson .
Now we can see inside the brain , and the ability to learn how to reconstruct how we could reconstruct , maybe the design of design design , or reverse design -- so we 're able to understand a better understanding , disease , cure .
We can fMRI time looking at the inside -- it 's in the brain .
By knowing that this process and connection , we can understand that drug treatment or anxiety is better , such as , for example , <unk> .
It turns out to be a little bit smaller . It 's more cheap .
It 's almost really a challenge from this study .
Today 's scan is about 800 books , or <unk> .
This is a scan of a couple of years , or 80 million books .
How do you use this information ?
Let 's take the case of an example , and I wo n't ask anybody who 's been doing it for a long time , but if you 're in 50 , it 's time to test it .
How do you avoid the cup of the ballast ?
Now there 's a virtual puzzle .
And these two images , right now , as a recline , you can check your patients with artificial intelligence , which is the potential , like you see , this is a damage .
Oh , we would n't tolerate it , but in the lexicon of intelligence we could find the damage to lose injury .
And it might inspire people to do a lot of time to test it before they do it .
This is an example of a wide volume .
And we went up to the same technology , technology and wireless form , and I 'd like to say , now , the era of mobile phones .
So even though my grandparents are actually digitized .
And of course , it has a grammar .
Obviously , we 're heading to the beginning .
So the bottom line is basically beyond and replace it .
Currently , a decade ago was about 10 terabytes or a half dollars -- now I could afford a very powerful diagnostic device .
Multiply this device and electronic medicine together -- in the U.S. , there is no less than 20 percent .
In the Netherlands , I think it 's more than 80 percent .
But now we 're going to bring it to the system and make it available , we can look at information resources , and I can go from any place to see my patients just through my phone .
And of course we 're in the middle of the street , and even a few days .
The first one was revealed to be able to make a spray that 's just going to go directly on these devices .
To say , today 's doctors , including myself , totally dependent on these devices .
As you can see , it 's about a month ago from IBM , in the dangers of IBM .
So I wanted you to imagine that when we were in the future of the next couple of years , what we did is we actually have a real intelligence teacher to use our brains to make decisions and diagnostic testing to determine the decision and the diagnostic .
Now , in many cases you do n't have to go to the doctor .
It 's only about 20 percent .
We 're in the era of a virtual era -- from a series of Skype from Skype , and it 's a very complicated health system to create very sophisticated health systems .
This is the ability to provide health care to show you a little bit of communication health .
Now we 're using this capability to even infect these footprints and then infect .
This is a picture of mine sending me on the head of her head , and so she does n't use it -- I can look at the picture .
Or we might use the game technology today , such as Microsoft Breazeal , to make a diagnostic , like , for example , diagnostic stroke , using a very simple move .
We actually use robots to diagnose the patient -- this is the lumen . If I 'm an expert banker , or the hospital .
If there is a tool in the home , these tools can help us get to each other .
Imagine we 've got Wi - Fi devices .
You can stand up the street .
You can tell your weight a little bit about the weight of your friends , and they can tell you .
We have wireless stars .
A whole technology is moving together .
So we do n't have to wear those bumps , and we can put them in a simple lexicon .
The Stanford Corporation of Stanford was invented as much as the technology was ever before , but more efficient .
Now we 're here to measure self - assembly .
People can buy the device , like this little Rover .
I can calculate my <unk> and the heat .
I can tell you about it every day .
I can share with friends or doctors .
And these straight lines can measure the water , called the bed - underdog , and a whole tool for you to understand your own health .
And when we start mixing information , we 're going to understand what to do with it , how we understand ourselves and how it 's healthy , health and welfare .
Now , there is a mirror that can measure your peak rate .
I 'm going to say , in the future , we 'll have a device on the fingerboard we 're wearing our bodies .
It 's like the root system that we 're wearing right now , your red red light -- it does n't say " measure the engine . "
It 's going to be called " figure - light , " and it goes on and down .
It might be a few years later , and it 's going to determine you .
And for you to take a baby for your home , you would like Wi - Fi .
I think there are more information than you need .
But here it is .
Now we 've heard a lot of technology .
And I think some of the techniques will make us connect to our patients , to save more time , and the most important people in the world of medical communication to be able to absorb these connections .
Now we 've talked about the mental communication of patients .
So what 's the condition of doctors communicating ?
We 're in a neurologist where they can go into the body to spend a robot , and now it 's not impossible to do it , even at five years .
Now this technology has a lot of technology to boost the real reality .
Doctors can see where the patient 's body is inside , which is where blood vessels are .
It can connect with decisions .
For example , a doctor in New York could help the other doctors in Amsterdam .
We 're here in a real surgical surgical era , where the robot 's data can be used through the vertical axis , which is the way that robots have the robot .
This is called " The Guinness World , " which is the basic speed of surgical surgery , through robot surgery .
Now , what 's going to happen now ?
For rodents -- for example -- this is the brain - active era , or the computer interface , and in the cortex of the cerebral cortex , where they can control a remote control or an impostor or a monster or , ultimately , a machine .
And these devices become smaller and smaller , and it 's a lot more .
But even in clinical trials , but imagine that when we link these technologies , like , amazingly , it 's an amazing combination of furniture fireflies and his colleagues , and it has a 16th - dimensional prosthetic arm , which is 17 degrees -- and he has 17 cycles and flexible .
We actually really infiltrate the robot 's time .
If you do n't lose a body -- well , you 've got stroke - stroke -- you can wear it .
Or if you were a pilot , like I visited in Berkeley , the colleague of the Media Lab work -- they invented the electronic legs .
And I took this video last week , and this is a <unk> patient walking through it .
If you 're not wearing these Rovers , he 's totally dependent on the castle .
It 's a early calendar .
And I think through using these technologies , we can change the definition of disability , and in some cases , it 's going to be the same thing as a result .
This is Amy Schwartz , who loses the age of a 10-year - old , and the MIT professor , MIT , has lost the control of the body to lose a body in a coma .
Now they can move better than we 're outside , move faster and faster from a different posture .
What about other industries ?
Clearly obesity depends on the wrong direction , including large spending .
But in medicine , the trend is accelerating .
There are a couple of examples : we 're now in the beginning journey .
You can go through this kind of recursive material .
It could have photographs in your strategic patch , when it took you to pick up and treat you .
We 're interested in a little smaller robot that will eventually end up using what you can do with a doctor 's doctor , using a kind of painful way .
And sometimes these devices might be able to self - assemble and boost it for value .
For the heart surgery , the pacemaker is a little easier to put it , so you do n't have to train a query to put them into it .
They 're going to be affected by your cell phone , and you can get to remote remote control .
And these devices are becoming smaller .
This is a samples that 's made more than five coins than four coins .
The functions of synthetic retina is to focus light on the back of the game and then let the vision of the eye .
It 's still early at early stages , but it 's good enough .
These technologies are going to be unexpected .
What are the people who have a problem with vision ?
Using the pedal , wireless - dimensional -- early images to your eye .
If you ca n't keep it , some of the images may be helpful to remind you how much it is .
Let 's put it on their mobile phone and watch the data back to the back of the game , and what does it do ?
In fact , the whole experiment changed completely .
We can make it apart , like the Stanford Corporation of Stanford , as the Stanford Corporation of Stanford .
Carbon dioxide can replace the whole lab .
Put it on a chip , and you can do thousands of tests all over the world .
It 's going to be really fixed to really take care of these rural areas and safety areas , and they do n't have to go to the end of a lot of money .
And if it 's a little bit closer , we 're going to go into nanotechnology , and we 'll be able to do it so much that we can actually design the blood vessels , or maybe the robots to monitor our blood system or the sun or even even refrigeration .
How would that be cheaper ?
In the medical area , this cheap is not what we normally normally think of , but it 's not the last time , it 's a source of cheap .
In genomics , the genome value is about 10 billion years ago when the first genome occurs .
We can actually buy 1,000 dollars now . Maybe the next 10 dollars , 100 dollars of genome will emerge .
What can we do about 100 dollars ?
Soon we can achieve millions of tests .
And that was when it became interesting , when we began to focus on information .
We walked into real personalized medicine -- in the right time for people to build good drugs -- rather than now , not as well as we 've been , to give everyone to the same drug , a renaissance of medicine .
A lot of different companies are using these tools .
And I 'm going to give you a simple example of this , or from the Ministry of Defense .
And my data shows that I 've reached the average ward , a blind stroke .
But if I get to the same data , like I can see , I 'm going to see my risk of two diabetes industry .
I 'm about two times the risk of $ 300 diabetes .
So , for example , I 'd like to see how many cattle would eat .
This may change my behavior .
Use me to learn the knowledge of my genes -- how I adjust my medicine and what I need to do with me , what will be more important to the people and the patients in the patient .
So not just gene , there are factors -- our habits , our environment .
Now , what did the doctors say ?
Business medicine : Where you live , you have a huge impact on your health .
We can grab this information .
So genomics , proteomics , environment , all the data reverted to us as individuals and doctors . How do we manage them ?
We 're entering the system and the systems of systems , and we can start with these information .
And through these patterns , for example , we have 10,000 organisms in our blood bodies , and we can see these little patterns in very early discoveries .
The founder of this area , Roger Breazeal called this method .
We can predict ; we can know what we might be .
We can prevent it ; it can be personalized ; and more importantly , it 's going to be shared .
Though some of the sites like Wall Street , Microsoft , or Google , could help the data , using sharing data to share data more important .
I 'm going to end up with a better way .
We 'll get better treatments .
Now we 're usually using medicine .
And if we 're using a new piece of equipment , let 's cure the blood vessels , you can heal the blood vessels .
So this is a new type of equipment .
It should be used in the net of cyberspace .
How can cancers be treated with cancer ?
Well , I 'm the messenger who had to say that most of the drugs that we drive , actually , is actually the fact that we 're taking a lot of time .
We 've learned that in Stanford and other places we can see how cancer stem cells might be the real reason for cancer .
If you think of cancer as a seed , we usually break this seed seed .
It 's kind of diluted out , but it 's always going to redesign .
So we 're taking the wrong target .
The cancer cells still exist in a couple of months and a few months later , and the cancer progresses .
We have now learned that cancer cells are kind of consciously selected for a long term .
We 're entering into personalized grades , using the ability to use all the data , analyze the tumor and asks every one of the patients to make a real , clear appointment therapy .
And finally , I 'm going to talk about dynamic medical medicine .
And I 've been a lot of a matter of stem cells -- embryonic stem cells .
We have adult cells in our bodies .
We use these stem cells to do this .
And the first time that I first started to try to use a human embryonic stem cell is treated with a spinal cord .
It 's still the experiment , but it 's going to work .
We 've used it to be the body stem cells in a clinical trial , and it 's very , very regular .
We take our own treatments for heart attack , and we can see that the cardiac function improves and the survival of our lives improved in heart disease .
And I invented a kind of device called Tor prototyping , which is a way of collecting bone .
It 's been used by DARPA , and it 's going to be located in the net .
And hope you can do with this device , it 's going to take a long time to get the patient 's body , and it takes about 200 million dollars , and it 's going to be a long time in local anesthesia .
But what about the promise of stem cells ?
And if you think about it , each cell has the same DNA on your body when you 're reclined .
We can re - construct your skin cells like a kind of modular cell using this technology that might treat the same population -- build your personalized cells .
And I think that this is going to be a new era of your own cell in your cell backyard , where you 're in the fridge , and you can have muscle cells and nerve cells to do it .
And we now have these technologies as a whole cell era , and it turns out that nano - tech technology -- using cells for cells to adjust a three - dimensional organ .
This is the future view ; it 's still the beginning .
But I think , as anti - technology , this is a hypothetical example .
In recent recent years , when you think about how technology affects health and medicine , we 're entering into the <unk> and the era of personalized .
And I think that this kind of thing , if we start thinking about how to understand and use these technologies , we 're going to make the patient better , more than a doctor , to improve the welfare benefits .
Because , as doctors I know , if someone has found me early early , I 'm happy -- we usually heal them .
But a lot of midnight , like cancer three years or four years .
And through that , I think we 're going to go into a new era , and I will call it zero medicine .
As a cancer doctor , I expected work .
Thank you very much .
CA : Thanks . Thank you .
Researcher : Oh , yeah .
http://www.ted.com/talks/evan_williams_on_listening_to_twitter_users.html
A poet 's Eve Williams talks to the speech at the University of 2007 , reading his career , the romance of the ages of college romance , romance and resurrection , who told us that life .
arts , culture , entertainment , sports , poetry , society , storytelling
500
Eve Ensler on poetry and years of poetry
And here , I 'll read a couple about teens and years .
And the idea of the theme of this theme is that I personally am personally amazed .
And the poetry was offered to finance , and his disciples was pretty surprised to his career .
This is called " Frost . "
My grandmother was cleaning up my mouth , and she used her to see her shadow , but she was very afraid of her .
It 's all because I say it 's not just " saying , " this is recursively .
She 's still too hot , and she said , " Oh , the dog says , " mouths . "
She took me into my brain .
And I knew she had a little harder year , and her three daughters were shaking her and she killed her husband and died in their children .
She took me on the street , and the room had no toilets in the room .
But this is her .
That 's what the plumbers are , and what drove me to my lips ?
She 's got two crazy rooms in her path , and one of the things that 's going on on the kitchen is the whole kitchen , which she 's all in my apartment , grabs me and grab me .
And I was grateful , and I 'm grateful for her to do this with her ?
She was at the same time , and she was still in a Nazi , but she had n't seen it until I had never seen this , until I had never seen it .
My uncle was on a magazine called Jeff , who wrote a letter - up letter .
" Your name is a great woman for a woman . "
And I explained this .
A poem called " Frost . "
It 's a piece of paper .
And the day my man feels a little bit of my mind , and when I woke up a morning , the first thing that I wake up on this morning is that it 's a lot of coffee that 's called the sound of the wind , which is something that has the father 's ears and the ' 60s , " and then the sounds of their neighbors seem to be a parent for the home and he 's going to get it to the house and it goes up and down the next night , but the
And a couple of women who have seen it would never be a dance member , a trained dance , who wanted to do it to stop the face of the next day , and the woman 's faces had never been beaten up the wall of their hands , Alzheimer 's face , which is a little bit more sterile than the ones that are going to be in the same way that the men are , as they 're not as young , they 've been able to get the idea of what 's going on for them
And the ones that I saw were kind of like a piece of statements like this , where you were in the dark kitchen , which is where it 's so strong that you 're surrounded by the base of a leader , and you 've got a Greek story , you know , your fridge 's a piece of paper , which is not a piece of paper .
You know , it does n't have a lot of men at the top of the day , if someone is n't really permanent , you 're not going to have your hands , or a game , a journalist 's back , and it 's an emotional solution to your friends , but you will never feel your father 's wife and recline , when you do n't feel that you ca n't get to the father of your own father and lose the other one .
And the last thing he left , though , to embrace it , is that the joy of joy , which seems like a very heavy and self - communication , and it does n't have a lot of pain .
What we know about the age of our age is that we do n't have to deal with how we manage to balance ? There is a woman on the top of the woman , and they 're wearing their best legs and the groom , even though it 's a little bit of their own hair , with their hands , to get the secret to their legs , the grubs , ♫ ♫ Sobule : infancy , what 's going to be wrong with the hands of a meal , whether the joy of choice , which is
The rural village went closer to the city , farms , and cows , cows -- and each other is going to strike , like , you know , a huge amount of rock -- you can see , large mountains , the trees and the trees .
Or even more than half a street corner , in the jungle , at the bottom of the hill , and the headrest , the grubs , it just wants to be a simple hope , but when they call you , you never go back .
So this is another one that 's about young young people .
It 's right now .
Part of the poem is about the time of sharing space .
This poem is called " neighbors . "
She 's packed with a dog that 's constantly bombarded by the top of the roof .
Her cat , God knows how many of you need to fill her in her carpet .
She 's got a doctor out of the bow , and the doctor goes down and down the piece of calls and music -- because it goes into the lobby .
And this is a life that Chris said , " The Purpose " -- how to go back to my college , and my first love , who is the same thing I left .
In my lexicon , the hands of my hand , my vocal , bad , ♫ ♫ Sobule : I 'm very young , because I believe she believes her pain .
Come on , boom , wait to end .
And I guess she had to end the street in this village , and she was my neighbors .
And my idea was that we were willing to engage with each other , and I wanted to be a friend .
And I saw her letters actually not her .
The gray hair 's yellow hair , the military grocery , boom , she left her , and goes down and down her face , not supposed to say " hello . "
Sometimes there 's a fear of terror , and there 's a lot of wood .
A man called " Man ! " ♫ ♫ Sobule : ♫ ' Horrible dogs , " and then she goes , and she -- her voice , <unk> , , almost one logo , a kangaroo , is almost only one concerts , but the wind is going to go back to the back , the grubs , it 's the first one .
My lady is coming back . "
She said , " I met her next time .
Now , naively by the writers , the marches , still extends out of the stairs , and the horn blows into her path , her mouth is going to turn all the way around , but the mouth rolls suddenly -- and it 's kind of like the gecko 's chest and a candy pedal .
So the idea is that it does n't have a sound , it 's not a voice , or it does n't want to be a voice .
These are signals that are not consciously noticing , all the way up to me .
My old lady , I love my old love , and when she saw me in the party , she had the dance of dance and she went down and down the way she was very proud of tears .
My fault , the insistence , my bottom , I 'm walking .
In the midst of life , the barrel of the hairs broke , dengue fever is a dog .
What 's going to be so fragile , what the joints are so vulnerable , and so on .
We have a lot of life in our lives , and there are lots of grief .
" Looking at me , " and the love of God 's love says , you know , I 'm going to get a mess about it . "
And she took her to the bed , and she opened me up .
I broke up the door .
She falls across the Rift Valley , and the next step is in the street , where I said , " Can you help me ? "
And he grabs my arm , and she goes on and down .
She became the start of the world .
She 's like , " Thank you " love . " Together on me .
I 'd like to get a little bit of that .
Another one is about teens and years .
It 's called " Frost . "
That was n't good , and I thought , well , my hair was beaten up at the doctor 's lap , on the right side of doctors ' doctor , playing up the face .
It 's not good , and if the gut gas looks like the wind , so she can see , she 's really threatened to hit my face , just just hitting my faces just the headrest .
Again , this is a good accident , and it 's a very , very long time ago , when we walk into our walk , my dog 's surprise , like the horse , as a horse .
And I 'm going to be so bad that I was 12 , I would do a great job of weekends , and every time he was holding responsibility for the responsibility , even though it was a lot of great , , of course , bang , pretty much .
And the women wrote a little bit embarrassed in her face , and she said , " You know , I forgot that I did n't forget , not me at least in a part of Dubai , but that was the fact that he was going to get a lot of time .
AB : Hello ! Rupert !
And some of you did n't talk about the books and the horse , and I was eating the ballast .
All the grayed - up of all these cavities , sparkling steel spray , from the animal kingdom , which is very powerful , breathing , drunk and depressed , and I do n't know if I 'm thinking I 'm trying to recline .
This letter is called " caring . "
And a lot of them , in fact , most of my grandparents are in the city , and I 'm going to read my reading , maybe .
" Come on . "
I had a woman with a female , nine hours a day , rolled on the 27th Street , and the day she was suddenly crying .
We take each other to another .
I 'm not going to be able to do it again , and I 'm going to try to do it again .
She 's a lot of people , the whole guy who 's floating up .
I was scared . I felt like a kid .
You know , I 'm worried that some of you might be a little bit of a compromise , and I 'll never get to the dawn of her <unk> .
Not just preaching , but not just the surface of the details , and it 's going to be the powerful , you know , a social , ethical anger , struggling , drunk , depression , despair , loss , lose .
Some time , I wanted to send her home to her , Australia , her clothing .
She does n't need me . I believe .
Instead , I wanted to move my train .
How do I keep up , I think it 's our self - correctness .
How do we do that , our tedious promise of efficacy is that it 's going to work .
Our watch dance , conflict , through each other cuts our senses , and then we put it down , the mosquito is going to be a promotion , damaged , wasteful , power .
She 's the place where she 's got to go .
She lives , she was very faithful .
Our eyes , challenge , ski . ♫ Sobule : We partner with it .
This is a map , a new one .
It 's called " This happened . "
A student at the University of Toronto , she studied a friend in a tunnel , and the teacher 's wife talks on a open - board lecture , a teacher and a lover who throws her , carefully , but you might get a promotion , or a girl who does n't know if you 're going to accept the most clever , you know , it wo n't be enough to get married to the way that we 're looking at it .
She 's amputated .
An accident , a fantasy , never thought about it , even though it 's very difficult .
It 's not more impulsive than the metaphor or the fantasy , and the girl knows what she does , she means , " Well , it does n't mean , because it 's so much that she 's like , you know , the beautiful , bright , dark , but if you 're in the wrong way , I 'm not going to see why she was being lost , or she did n't have a promotion and it was a self - organizing . ♫ ♫ Sobule : No , no , that 's a kind of
For me , it 's the world .
It 's the world that has never been completely adapted to it .
And that kind of thing , which is so important for me , is that it 's so much control .
And the girl who recognized that she was very dubious , and she did n't know what she felt like , but she had no idea .
Yes , girls fell down , Guinness , and even the Earth and the forced force to know , it was a ridiculous slowed down and she was not myself myself or her , but self - eye to me .
Take - up dignity .
It 's happening .
I 'm going to read one , not my habit .
And I like it just like this .
But I 'm afraid to get out of the game , and then the headrest is coming .
" Hello , wait , good . "
In particular , the title of a magazine is in our neighborhoods .
Forgot her parents .
In the meanwhile , the flow of wood is a great thing , the skin shield .
And 60 million dollars , but it 's still going to be better than the panda bear , and let me just go ahead .
Maybe the American American embodiment of wine was never seen in a way that never saw the desire to leave me with the choice of the eyes .
And it 's always the same way , and it is always like that , if I 'm not in a desire wish .
And God knows , although there 's a severe knit , it can be .
Last year , in Israel , a young parent subway with a little girl who ca n't get them to find a room .
And there are a couple of images .
Here 's the picture . The men and women were beaten by clothes , and some of them tried to bend their Thanksgiving , the white background , their white backgrounds , to put it on a bench .
The girl , my fears , avoid their faces .
It 's a teacher that 's teaching them .
Even in the other hand , once the book books , when the books go down to the Houston book , the operator , a angel , is tortured , tortured to your eyes .
I kept discovering that in her page .
She was dying to make her -- I would n't want to know why -- more or more , more and more .
In refugee camps , there are lots of people who die in the camps .
But it 's like a terrorist , you do n't have to be told .
gender and death , how do you get out of them ?
So , now it 's all about death , I think , sometimes I wanted to transfer them to them .
My wife was too cute .
I had a conversation with her .
And when we do that , she took me out of my head and I was n't there .
My head is a little bit better , and the voice does n't know what I live in my life like me .
And then I went out and I had to leave her , in desperation , and all that , everything , horrible , awful .
But , you know , they 're not going to die , and it 's not being locked up , or if you 're not .
They do n't know the future of the history of history or pause , and it might be a <unk> .
No , no .
I 'm not a verb for the drawing time .
I mean , this world is going to be good for me , or I 'm not good at , and I do n't have a lot of fuss about what 's going on at the same time , but it 's so tempting to do it . ♫ Sweeney : My time is so shattered .
Researcher : Hold on . Dry .
These signals are in her lexicon , more than her .
How do she do that in desperation , looking at the help of our passion , and it 's a good thing to live on , which is that if you do n't , it does n't have to be a love for love or love .
Thank you .
6.7
The picture is just documenting history -- they create history . In TED University , the birthplace of the cushions at TED , and he shows us a little picture of what they 're looking at .
global issues , media , photography , poverty , war
<unk>
Edward Savage : A picture of the world
And the people who do this , we believe that the picture can change the world .
Okay , we 're naive , and we have the dark eyes and the wheel .
In fact , we all know that the picture itself does n't change the world , but we also know , the camera develops , and the images are made up of the population .
Think of a couple of Legos .
If you did n't recognize them , I would be surprised .
These are just a picture of what 's called a representative frame .
In fact , they were very famous . They were able to recognize another form .
I think we 're not here .
We need more .
We need images of those who do n't have a compromise on the right side of the problem , beyond the imagery of religion , to the religious images , which allows us to do what we do .
And this picture , you all know .
It changes our cognitive world .
We 've never been in this planet .
A lot of people get the dynamics of the natural movement , according to the first time , and it 's so small .
40 years later , these environmental communities , realize that we have a species of resistance to the environment .
And then we started doing this .
These infectious reactions are in different ways .
So Dennett 's photographs in Congo shot these photos .
And these are the people who are being told , and you 're going to say that they 're upright , certainly , of course , in the International Buy .
Recently , Haiti 's earthquake in Haiti , let 's realize that nature itself is in nature .
I think that the human race is much more scary than the people on the top .
Singer - songwriter , a little girl who said , " Name a long time ago , we know that nature , even though it 's the most dreaded , is a loss of mood and morality .
People have other customers .
In the U.S. government , the images of the United States , there are these images , and it 's all about the celebrities .
They 're using these pictures as well as their public , to make government change .
Some people think that these are the images of Iraq , and they 're going to be more powerful than anything else .
And also , these pictures destroyed the moral matrix of morality .
Let 's be historical .
In the 12th century , the Vietnam War , in the aftermath of the Vietnam War , is playing recursively .
The news image made people to face wars to play the victims of the war , and a little girl in Ohio State University , who was tortured to an army of weapons .
In fact , these images became the most powerful sin of voices .
Now , the picture has led to the power of skepticism and respect , especially for AIDS -- and I 've been doing a lot of it , and this is just a picture .
In the 1980s , it 's a lot of people who do n't want to discuss or talk about it .
In 1987 , one of the most amazing women in the world is that a simple thing , which is a little bit of a male - infected baby , and it 's going to reduce the population of HIV .
She 's better than the power of most people .
When we 're facing a picture of influence , we can choose . We can look at it , or , you know , let 's get it to more people .
To be happy , and when these images came out in 1915 , they started looking at it in the U.K.
Does it change the world ?
No , but they had a rectangle .
And the picture often makes us believe that our beliefs and our responsibility for each other .
We all look at pictures of Mary Katrina , and I think these images are very powerful .
In 2008 Springs , let America do n't want to do those pictures almost impossible .
Unfortunately , some of the most important imagery is that it ca n't be open .
There 's one . This is Euler 's Veterans ' 80s , and this is the work of the Royal Assembly , who never published it , it 's called " War . "
Let 's take a look at the picture of the war , not necessarily to be true .
John Moore took this picture at the airport .
And so many of the conflict in the world has a lot of emotional conflict , and it came from the most dreaded corner of this world to get me most mad .
♫ Sobule : I agree with his dissertation , " people never had the shot , and they created . "
In my opinion , not the Russians , but you .
We put it in every single picture , and our own values , our beliefs , so we have a combination of cooperation .
My company had an aerial picture .
I have a whole office .
That 's it .
And I hope the next time you see a picture of inspiration , and the best contemplate thinking about why . I know , I 'm sure that the audience , you know .
Thank you all .
http://www.ted.com/talks/maz_jobrani_make_jokes_not_bombs.html
The North Pole aimed to recall how he was able to sneak up with the difficulty of the U.S. Ocean .
climate change , culture , exploration , global issues , personal growth , potential , sports , technology
89
Ben Savage : Take the Arctic
This is me . My name is Ben McCarthy .
I was very good at places where I was flying in freezing .
November November , I was standing in the Houston store .
There 's a big big trajectory in the Rift Valley , and it 's the only one that I 'm a only human .
2,000 people go to the Houston store .
There 's 12 people sitting on the moon .
And I had four and a half people to the North Pole .
And I think this is because -- -- thank you -- because it 's like Chris said , you know , it does n't matter .
This is a journey of human forces .
This is the distance between 31 dentists , and 10 to eight miles .
And I got all of the food that I needed , and the device , the equipment , was the <unk> of a series of <unk> -- and that was me in three months .
And in the remaining 16 minutes , a lot of time , what we need to do , is to try and answer three questions .
Number two : How do you get a 20-page ticket .
" Ben , I know it 's going to stay in a minute , and the skin is going down in the minute and how you solve it ? "
I 'm not going to answer this question now , and I 'll tell you about it .
Number three : How did you do this ? What 's the challenge ?
That 's what 's going on in 2001 .
My first expedition was one of the people who was working with Ahmed Ahmed .
At the time , I was a apprentice .
We wanted to go from here -- the north coast to the North Pacific Ocean .
And the Arctic , the wheat industry , which I 'm entranced by , is that it 's in the middle of the Cold War .
It 's like a map , and it 's going to be that you 've got to really fill it out of the north , the sub - sea ice .
I trained a lot of experts .
I read large books , research and graphs .
But in the morning the day I was a little bit like what I 'd landed with me , no idea .
I was 23 years old , and I had never tried to challenge this challenge , but very quickly , almost all of it would be wrong .
We 've been appointed a polar bear .
My little thumb 's a little bit of my thumb .
Our food is not going to be very , very close to hunger .
They were very anti - lucid .
We used to have primary communication tools .
And the waiter 's analyses , so we 've got a couple of radios .
You can see the two ski belts coming out of the tent .
There is a silver loop there .
That 's the antenna oxytocin that we have .
In two months , we 're only less than two hours across the planet .
And the most important thing is we 're not using it .
We get 400 miles , and the Arctic is still going down about 200 miles when we do it .
And the summer is coming , the ice starts to melt , and we go through the radio driver , where they say , " Look at the baby 's time , not enough .
We have to take you out . "
I felt that I had failed .
I was a loser .
And I was a goal , and I had this dream of dreaming , which I did n't even touch .
In the course of this journey , every time , I 'm going to play two shots , and I 'll play two shots , to inspire me .
And the first thing that is successful is that it 's all about the U.S. Ocean .
And I could imagine that I was walking on the bottom of the helicopter , the brush in the background , and I had to ski .
And I could even see myself in the middle of the hill , and you know , that 's a glorious time , it 's an unexpected time to go to the background .
And the second thing I imagined is that I 'm going to go to the polling airport , and it 's the same kind of way that the camera is constantly connected , the coffee is going down and down , they 're coming to me , they 're going to go to me and start looking at my publisher .
And of course it does n't happen .
We 're going to be the North Pole , and we do n't have money to pay for people to get people to follow , no one knows that this race is .
When I went back to the airport , the waiter , I was my grandfather , and they were all there -- and I won the United States , a little bit of the rest of England , was -- I got back home .
And I had a lot of trauma , and my chest was a huge strike .
But for example , I was lying on the front of my mother 's couch and looked at the TV TV .
It 's a text of a letter , and it says , " You know , you do n't have to pay , you know , but you ca n't make it . "
So the conclusion is : " Name a long time . "
Three years ago , and I eventually got out of the couch and started out there and began to come up with another expedition , which I 'm going to be on the top , or in the middle of this map , from the outside , to the very top of the map , the Arctic Ocean , then goes up to Canada and then the Canada 's going to go down the Canadian Canada , OK ?
No one 's ever done it across the streets of Virginia .
The two Rovers had been done in 2000 , and they did n't have any resources in it .
And the winner was done , and the spaghetti sauce was made in 1995 to make a decision on the 1995 end of 1995 .
He described this journey more than 10 times a second .
So , this is a reason why I 'm going to ask you , but I know it 's not easy to go home , you know , there 's no easy time , more and more . I have to get into Canada .
This means that I had to use it from being used to control , not the U.S. Air Force , which is one of the greatest agencies in the world , and there 's a whole new kind of self - organizing , coherent convergence -- 6,000 and a half day .
Last two months , the journey started .
We had a big support team : a camera crew , and I was a photographer .
It was very early on . We flew across the Rift Valley .
Now , from the International Trade Buy , the scene of the West Coast , in the U.S.
In the next way , we rented a Russian bank , fly down to a town called Christopher Side , which should be the last one .
And our photographer , in the best conditions , went to the airplane and ran the pilot to ask a pilot , and we had to fly how long it was to land , but the Russians had no clue if we were alive .
We came up with this .
♫ Sobule : It 's not the end of the world , but you can see , you see the end of the world . "
And we just prepared a night for the last 10 days .
And the reason is that the pay - money pay to take care of the pilot 's license and the pool , so we 're lost . "
Eventually , 11 o'clock in the morning , we decided to get all the questions out of it . We put it on the pile , two and a half to beat me down .
We took a beautiful 45 video short movie , and the camera was still there and I picked up a interviews of interviews with phone interviews and all the rest of the time -- and some other people came up and down and left the airplane and leaving me .
Now I do n't know if the word is able to make a real mistake .
And I was walking back to the airport , and the waiter came back and said , " Well , thank you , I 'm actually not making it . "
And even worse , you can look at this readout in the screen ; it 's the family .
Because we 're in the Russians for a long time , and of course , the biggest or the smallest ones -- when you 're standing on the surface of a frozen ocean , it 's the most interesting thing to do -- the highest thing is going to happen -- it will be a fun thing .
I used to , as you can see , there are two Rovers .
95 days , rice and fuel , is 180 kilograms -- roughly 400 pounds .
And when it 's 100 or a half , I can do it at least twice .
When I was not a head , I had no hope .
I just flew one , and then goes back to another .
And honestly , what I 'm talking about is that these are the conveyor caps -- from the wind , the pressure and the hull of the sea .
NASA described the worst of the year last year .
And ice is always there .
And last week , I was a person ski to ski , and I went down to nine weeks . Most of my time went to the ice .
My record is about a mile mile .
And I flew on the morning , and the headrest goes down about seven and a half hours , down the tent and found that I 'm going to get down to the place where I get there .
It 's like the speed of a pacemaker , and I 'm going to speed up the ice faster than the speed of the boat .
Today 's 22 days .
I 'm on the tent , ready to go .
The weather is very bad -- it 's five miles per year .
In the late end , ice does n't have a problem .
Because there 's no ice -- open water .
I do n't know if it 's going to happen . I know the winds are warming .
And I realized that there would be an open source of water , so I 'm ready to get it .
There are some knowledge about Rick Warren .
The polar bear is just a little bit known as well .
If they met water , they 're going to fall apart .
So we came up with a piece of diving clothes -- we partnered with the scientific community of Israel -- and it 's based on the rules -- I think , maybe I 'm going to put a pilot in a log , and I 'd put it on a rug , but I would put my face in the face of my legs and the headrest .
That means I can train it in a very thin surface , and if I get rid of it , it would n't be appropriate .
That means , even though the worst situation came to the water , I could recline , and then I was able to dry my legs .
A very radical technology , radical ways -- but very good .
Another exciting thing we did last year is about communication technology .
In Jared Cohen , in the lexicon of Virginia , there was a -- one of his teammates , called Thomas Friedman .
He said , " Well , what 's going on in 2012 , if there 's no competition in Cayman , there are little cell phones that have a cell telescope . "
Okay , Steve Savage is supposed to be about eight years . This is my little Wi - Fi cell .
It 's a wireless telescope , and I 'm in my pocket .
In every single day of 9 - au - Prince , I was projecting my blog on a tent , sending some projectors , send them out of my journey -- the temperature , the temperatures -- and the speed of the time .
Remember , in 2001 , we have only two hours of radio communication in the back of 2001 .
And in the last year , I 'm able to reinforce 350 blog bloggers in this way , which is called a place that is more than the Grand Canyon .
It 's a little bit of fun to enjoy high - tech , in terms of what 's called active functions .
When the wind blows up , the clouds broke into the wind .
It 's very low - resolution . You can see that there 's a yellow tape here that 's on my ski exam .
I 'm going to move the wind forward .
So , very quickly , the weird combinations of this is the weird convergence .
November 11 , I got to New York .
And from Russia , I spent a spat , and it turns out it 's a very clean ground .
Ah .
And in New York even not a little bit . There is nothing . It 's not because it 's floating in the ocean , right now .
And in this case it takes a long time , and it 's going to be the equivalent of the winds , usually the direction of Canada or electrical power .
And I expected these , but I 'm still looking at some of these things .
The odd emotional feedback : there 's actually a lot of <unk> , and there are lots of fresh water , which is inspired by the power of the year , but I also start to realize that I 'm going to go back to the high school , or at least 400 miles , even at the best time , to be very small .
And I went into the only evidence that I was a very clear picture of this , which is the little moon .
You can see here -- there 's a nine and a half .
Ninety - nine degrees -- suddenly it was the North Pole .
And I sat up in front of my house , and I got a little bit of a piece of paper on the board , and I had a little bit of a piece of a piece of paper on the pedal . "
A little bit of this . I took a break .
Put a pacemaker in a dog 's nest .
I flew three numbers . I bought a mom .
Narrator : Give me a president for the CEO of Independence .
And I ended up with three phone messages .
Old Old Carton : Okay .
Fantastic sense .
The whole planet is spinning on my feet .
This world -- in my feet .
And I finally got a phone phone call , and she was on the supermarket .
She starts crying , and she brought me on the board .
And I flew over a couple of weeks .
And I think it 's not going to happen until I 'm in the case of Canada .
This is the last day I 'm flying .
When I work with my management team , they said , " Look , it 's worse .
In your lexicon , there 's a big amount of water .
We have to put you into the airplane .
Ben , can you find a airplane on the land ? "
When I got this slip of phone phone , this is my tent outside .
I did n't try to fill the airplane on the land , Taiwan , who said , " Well , Ben , you 've got to find 500 watts , and the safe ice is safe . "
This is only a little bit of a light that I could find -- it took me 36 hours to look at -- and I can measure my <unk> .
I do n't tell Tony , I 'm not telling the pilots .
I 'm supposed to be able to do that .
Old Milk Carton : You know , Steve Jurvetson , thunder , Houston , <unk> , <unk> .
It 's just a good thing , and the airplane is actually flying down to 40 times , so I 'm worried that it 's not going to go to land .
And the pilot , I know called the refugee Falcon , and I wanted to be a guy named Sweeney , should be an appointment .
And I looked at the airplane , and I 'm just right . It was a very powerful time .
And then I thought , at least I 'd like to take a look at Troy .
I should keep the explorers of it .
The airplane goes down to me .
And he opened it up . He hopped down , and he was so high , he said , " Hi , my name is Oprah -- you know , Oprah . "
.
And the pilot was a woman named Hawthorne .
She 's sitting there and she sits down there .
They were the ones who had ever met me , but they asked me to be very happy .
♫ Troy in Troy . ♫ ♫ Sobule : We 've got a little bit of a picture . He -- he climbed up the climbed , and he said , " You 're walking . "
He lost the smoke , he took off the airplane , and I climbed up the airplane back .
And at the end of the runway , it was just a few times , just for a couple of years , and he said , " Okay , I 'm going to take off -- and then he 's ready to fly . And I just figured out that it 's a very common set of action , but I looked at that .
He put it on the airplane .
You can see the engine choice actually in the top of the cockpit .
That 's where it 's in the middle , and he put it on the board .
It 's a very soft posture of hands on his hands .
And I said , " God , Julia . We 've got it . "
The airplane is moving along the road , and the headrest is just cut off .
In the end of the runway , the operator is just a little bit better , because the lap of a boat , I can see the wind , and I 'm going to look at the hull and the bust , but he throws the hand off a leg , which is a hint of what 's going on in the cockpit , where you 're able to see a blade on the wall .
And I ended up looking at the whole status of the Earth .
And of course , when you 're in the boat , you just saw a overlap , not a pressure , not a little water .
This may be why the distance is not given me a little bit of a problem .
I mean , the ice is a little diversion .
Why ? I 'm not a conventional explorers .
And I 'm not going to figure out the way that people know that the Arctic is there .
There 's a big site in Antarctica . There is a flying path .
One restaurant and a company .
For me , this intervention is exploring human forces . Inspired by the limit of human limit , psychological forces and technology , and that 's what makes me interested .
And for me , it 's also a matter of testing personal money .
For me , this is a chance of exploring limit -- putting my latent potential to control the forces , how long it is .
In a grander scale , what I 'm really fascinated with is how people use their potential to live on their influence , 90 or 90 percent of their own needs , 70 or 70 percent , and , in more vaster terms , I hope to inspire other people to do what they want to use , to find the rest of what 's going on on the planet and thinking about what we 're doing .
This is the best conclusion I can do .
The next question is , how are we going to be more accurate ?
And the answer is , of course , the final question -- what 's going on here ? What do you do ? I think I 'm going to get close to the last minute , and I 'll say some of the details .
Plank : Antarctica .
The coldest , tallest , the most dry continent , the most dry continent .
In the end of the night , ironically , there was a first time looking at who the first one came to Antarctica , which was the Antarctic Antarctic .
If you add the shore on the coast , you can see it 's right here -- there 's a big -- there 's a big -- it 's a very high place in France .
Antarctica , if there are only 2,000 , it 's twice as Australia -- a big place .
And who was in the South Side of Antarctica was the birthplace of the writer , which was called Bateson 's notebook -- and he had a cabinet and a Diebenkorn -- Scott -- MySpace .
Scott has a couple of dogs and some of the dogs , and Scott Wright 's problem with the problem , causing writers and his partner to determine the end .
They went to the ' 50s and ' 72 , and found that there was a lot of Norway cleaning up there .
There was a tent , a letter to Norway .
They turn , and they walk back to the coast , and the five people die .
Now , no one 's ever tried to try and try to stay around -- that 's the end of the ' 93 years ago -- there 's no time at the outset , no one 's going to go back to the New York Times and back back .
And each of you heard about the South Side of South Carolina , when you go back to New York , not using the airplane , and it 's a car , or a kite or an Earl of dengue , there 's no way of trying to go through -- and nobody has tried to shoot the back back . So , this is what I plan . "
We have two people doing this .
I 'm talking about it .
And before I finished , what I 'd like to say is -- I 've been able to put this scan out of the end -- and I have a -- but I 'm 13 years old , and it 's a school report . And I was 13 . Now , it was in my table , but it said , " Oh , Ben , there 's not enough force in the table . "
I think if I learned what to learn , that is : no other one can be your potential .
You can only decide how far you can walk , and how much it is .
And the women , bless them , are my story . Thank you .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sheena_iyengar_on_the_art_of_choosing.html
With short talks , Steven Sobule shows two stories of science - based science : search for knowledge and bullying , whether or whether we think about what we 're thinking about , and whether it 's clinically unacceptable , he reminded us to ponder our brains and recline .
cognitive science , economics , medical research , scientific technology , technology
<unk>
Christopher Oliver : Inside the Oprah Rovers
I used to be a long time ago .
A few years later , I was overwhelmed by the initiation of the Russians , and I said , " Oh , we 've got a new approach to this kind of new treatment . "
I was playing with a good emotional emotional response to his office .
And when I persuaded me , he gave me a concrete explanation in the left , and I have a little bit of my face on the right side of the side , so I had n't had a lot of symmetry .
Where is his genius ?
And he decided to get some of the right lines on my face to make me look a symmetry .
And the idea sounded interesting , and he asked me to get the beard .
And I told me that this is a strange way of flying because I 've wanted to think of it and felt like I 'm going to be able to do it in the same way , because I have to be able to revise the next two steps .
When I go back to the airport , I 'm not sure I 'm quite sure .
I said , " Can I tell me ? "
He showed me some shots of the shots , and the news was not very constant .
And I said , " Well , what 's my old hair coming up ? "
" What ? "
" Oh no , no . "
" Websites use laser to make it white . "
I 'm a little worried about saying , " You know what ? I 'm not going to do it . "
And then this became the biggest operator in my life .
It 's a very big deal to do this .
He said , " Well , what do you do ? "
Do you like this kind of symmetry ?
Do you have the appointment happy ?
Are there a woman who felt so poor that you were poor and terrified ?
All that did n't happen .
And this led me to surprise because I 've got a lot of treatments -- and there are lots of other treatments I decided to accept -- I never had to do it .
But I decided not to accept this .
And I found that he asked him what happened ? "
This is based on this .
He explained they had been treated in the second two patients , and they needed the third patient to do their report .
Now you might think this guy is an impostor .
That 's what he 's doing .
But I 'll give you a different story .
A few years ago I spent a series of experiments in the lab .
When we do experiments , we usually hope that the control and the controls are different .
So we have a very high expectations about the role of the controls , and our expectations will be less low , when we get the result -- I 'm very happy -- except for one person .
And a team of teams is a great one , but it 's really awful .
And the average part of the day was destroyed by the research that I was thinking of .
I looked at this guy .
He 's about 20 or more than 20 other people .
And I remember looking at that in the day of the lab , and I wanted to put it in a very simple amount of money .
" No ! " I would like to fill him out .
Who agree this card ? "
But a couple of days later , I looked at this and I thought , " What 's going on there ? "
What happens if he goes to another ?
What if we fill him out ? "
We ca n't even see the data , and if we see this data here , we might say , " How could it be ? "
So we decided that instead of taking friends to do the experiment .
But there are a lot of other stories that we 've done , and that 's what we 're doing in front of front of me .
First of all , we 've been able to meet a lot of people in our lifetime , using a variety of different ways .
They stimulate themselves with a lot of innate biases .
And I 'm sure some things we 've all experienced to understand how we see it .
Maybe we ca n't even recognize it every time , but we know it 's happening .
And of course , the most difficult thing is to take care of these people , and sometimes we 're being told ourselves .
It 's a very , very difficult lesson .
Because we ca n't see the stars .
When I was doing experiments , I felt I 'm doing it for science .
And I 'm dealing with data that makes real data .
I 'm not doing bad .
I think I 'm like a solitary method trying to get science forward .
But it 's not true .
I actually had a lot of positive consciousness .
And I think the real challenge is to go to the place where we live and we try to do it with a place that we do n't have to believe that they can overcome the challenge to overcome this challenge , and to try and do something that 's not really bad to prevent ourselves .
I really want to leave you with a positive idea .
I mean , it 's really depressing , and that 's what people do n't see .
And these positive ideas , I think , is that if we know what we 're wrong with , we can see why we fail to be our failures and the place where we are really .
And I want it to be , thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/scott_kim_takes_apart_the_art_of_puzzles.html
Imagine you 're sitting in the Sahel of the Pacific , and you have three choices to save yourself and <unk> -- but every choice is going to have a horrible consequence of how bad it is to tell us , " How do you do this ? "
creativity , entertainment , storytelling
<unk>
Ron Walker : What we can learn from fear
In a day of South Africa , 3,000 miles across the coast of Antarctica , which is the most remote water in the Pacific , and 20 American Americans saw their boat .
They had to recline and hit the hull , threw a sterile hole .
In the middle of the day , it 's going to start when they 're in the middle of three stars .
These guys are about 10,000 miles from the nearest land , over 1,000 miles .
In their lexicon , they get the dynamics of the force and the water and its water .
They were the people who were in charge of the celebrities and their stories became part of " The Guide sentence . "
Even in the world today , it 's good enough to get a lot of bad , more bad than that .
You know , people do n't realize what the problem is .
Nobody 's looking at them .
Most of us do n't experience these terrible scenes , but we all know what fear is feeling .
We know that fear feels , but I ca n't really get a lot of time to think about what our fears mean .
We grew up , and we 're always going to be encouraged to think of fear as a genius , like a kind of rabid thing like snoring .
And I want to do that not as much as we think .
The nervous scientist has already known that human beings are born with optimism .
This is probably why we think sometimes fear is a dangerous or dangerous danger .
" Do n't get off . " We 're always talking to other people , " Do n't get wet .
In English , fear is what we need to conquer .
It 's something we have to deal with , it 's what we 've got to overcome .
But what if we look at the fear of fear ?
If we think of fear as a consequence of the imagination , it 's a very good thing to tell us , and what 's the story ?
In the kids , the connection between fear and imagination , their fear of fear is often super - phobic .
And I lived in California , and you all know , it 's the place where you live , but for a kid , California will be a little bit scary .
And I remember when I saw a little bit of the dawn of what we 're seeing in front of us , I 'm going to leave you at night , and I do n't worry about the big earthquake when we 're sleeping .
We said that kids feel this kind of fear because they have their own vision .
But in a while , most of us learned to abandon this idea .
We all know that it does n't have a lot of traffic , but it 's not all the earthquake .
But the most part of us is not because the adults refuse to jettison this fear , which is probably not a coincidence .
The same amazing imagination created " The origin of Man " and " Jane " , " as a result of what we 've been born with , and it 's been a very serious thing to do with the adults .
And the question is , how can we learn to learn the fear of fear and young kids ?
Let 's go back to the Rift ' 60s , and they 're going to stop looking at what 's going on at the racetrack .
So , let 's look at the fear of what they 're looking at in the middle of the Pacific .
And the boat came 24 hours later .
And they had a plan , but they did n't have a lot of choice .
In Heidi Armstrong described this ingenious article , and he wrote a catastrophe about this catastrophe , which he said , " It 's not possible to get any part of the Earth . "
And these guys know that they were 1,200 miles across the site , and the Line Islands .
But they heard a lot of it .
They heard about these islands , and some of the islands are living .
So they were being killed by the images that were killed in their bodies .
And the other thing that 's possible to do is Hawaii , but to worry about them in the jungle .
So the final choice was to go to the most , and the best places : south to 15 miles across the wind , hoping it would eventually end up dumping them to South America .
But they know that once the mosquito is going to fly once , the oil supply and the water is falling .
It was taken out of the wind , and it was called the storm .
And this is the fear of fear that the poor , it turns out that they choose to play their legs .
Maybe we could make it easy to call these psychological names .
We do n't call it the fear , but what about the story ?
And if you think about it , it 's fear real .
This is a ability to educate , unintended tales .
And fear and storytelling have the same form .
They have the same structure .
Like all the stories , the role of fear .
In fear , role is our own .
Fear is a plot . They have the beginning , and there 's the middle .
You go to the airplane . airplane flights . The engine scare .
Our fear will include all kinds of imagination , like any kind of legislation you see .
If you think about it , human teeth are in the human skin , and the fire is flashing on the fire .
Calculus has competition .
If I 'm a storyteller today , Steve Jobs says , " You might wonder what the spike is , what people do .
Our fear is in conjunction with RHex .
Like a good story , our fear of fear , as a great publisher , will focus our focus on our lives : what happened ?
In other words , our fears make us think of the future .
In other words , people are the only ones who are capable of thinking about the rest of the future , which is to predict the same time , and our situation is going to be the other one to travel and storytelling .
And I am a writer , and I 'm going to tell you a very important part of the trickster is to learn how to predict the story , and the same thing is that it 's going to work .
And fear , like a bird , is always the other thing .
And I wrote my first novel when I was a writer , and I spent 12 months imagine that if the Earth rotates suddenly , it would happen all the time .
How do we do this day ? How ?
What kinds of changes do we have ?
And then , after that , I realized that I was always asking myself that the kids were worried about how they were at night .
If you 're in the last date , if this happens tonight , I 'm afraid , what 's my house ? What 's wrong ?
And the answer to this is usually a story of stories .
So we think our fears are not just fear or or the story , and we should take ourselves as a storyteller .
But the same thing is , we need to imagine that we 're really worried about how we fear the readers , and we choose how to read these psychological adventures .
Now , some of us are more likely to read our fear of fear .
And I 've seen a research study about success , writers found that these people have a habit called " <unk> , " which means that people , not underestimate the fear of fear , but to look at fear and to move fear to act and act .
So , if the worst thing happens , they 're not going to work .
Of course , the worst thing happened .
This is a great side of fear .
In fact , our fears predict future future .
But we 're not going to be able to do all kinds of fear for our imagination .
So how do you tell the psychological fears of fear and not ?
And I want to end up with a story that I wanted to offer you a little bit , and I wanted to give you an example of interactivity , and also a very scary example .
They were able to get out of the workforce , and they ended up making a decision .
And because of fear , they decided that they were decided to give up the marathon , but it was a better South South America .
And in the middle of the ocean , their food is open to the wind , and they 're still on the land , and they 're still near the land .
And when the last resort was killed , there was only a few people who were still alive , and they were actually in fact a little bit of their own .
Christopher Rick Warren puts this story as " Thinking Thought " -- in a few years , the tragedy of the boat is going to be a horrible ending to the wind , and maybe if they leave the rest of their own effort , what they 're trying to do is get rid of it .
" But Al Gore said , " They were scared .
And the question is , why are these people who are more threatened than the fear of suffering ?
Why would they be affected by a story ?
In other ways , it 's a story about explaining .
Singer Breazeal says the best readers can put two different personalities together , and one is the art of art , a science of science .
Okay , good readers have artists , wanting to go to the story , but the same thing is , these readers get scientists , and it helps them to be able to analyze and analyze the strike .
We can see that the people in the art are a little bit of a problem .
They dreams a series of these horrible realities .
The problem is they play a wrong story .
And all of them fear they 're only about one of the most pathetic , most favorite stories of their imagination : <unk> .
Maybe if they were able to do a little bit of a bit like a scientist and explain this story , if you could play it too well , the story is going to happen , and it might have been a lot of fun to get to the Islands , and they might be a lot of comment on the Islands .
Maybe if we 're all trying to read our fears , we can lose some of these things .
We can use a little bit of time in order to be serious on a series of apes or airplane flights , but more caring about the progress of the catastrophe : the continuation of climate change .
As a matter of branding , most of the most common stories are the richest things we 're most likely to do .
In order to read the right way , our fears are our imagination , and we have our gifts to take a look at the future and let us even change the future .
And if you can get the right interpretation , our fears can work with our favorite literary literature : a little bit of wisdom , little wisdom and a small piece of thing , and the truth is that the truth .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/scott_kim_takes_apart_the_art_of_puzzles.html
The logic of the logic , intelligence , and " R - Driven health , " as a result of what 's going on in the political system , all the way up to the destruction of our politics , is that the risk of suffering is going to be the case of a suicide attack .
AIDS , global issues , health care care , sports
<unk>
PH : Cooking , medicine , HIV -- let 's be emotional .
" People do it . "
And HIV is growing . "
This is a headline from a U.K. newspaper , a long time ago .
I 'm curious . Can you take your hand , who agree ?
Oh , there is two of them .
And that phrase actually came out of a tray , and she studied HIV for 15 years , where you 're looking at her .
And I want to suggest that it 's about half .
Some people actually do this because of the HIV infected , but most people do n't have the reason why they 're completely overwhelmed .
" Mixing " is the primary legislation of public health , and now you 're wearing health care , you know , if you give people the information that you need to tell them , what 's wrong with it , it 's very bad to give them a sense of what they 're looking for .
Namaste .
But for example , the people who study HIV , even though I 'm sure all of you know that HIV and poverty is connected to poverty , and if you 're in TED , it knows that AIDS and coffee is the price of HIV / coffee .
In fact , HIV and prestige , the drugs of medicine , and if there are two things in the world , it 's a couple of things that we have in the world , which is the winner and the Boeing , that 's the revelation and Arduino .
So , let 's say that the chemotherapy is not a logic .
I used to have a friend of mine and a family of mine .
We eat lunch with lunch , and he gave me the experience of selling drugs in San Francisco .
And one of the people who was a member of a man was signed up to the jail , and he was very impressed , he invited the brothers and invited them .
And everybody advised each other , all the pharmaceutical lines , and the guy was ready to get the headrest and they had to send them to their brothers .
And then he gave the first brother , and the wind blows the stick and sends the next one .
And I said , " I 'm the foremost 22 , and I see the bow I get closer and closer , all across the ground .
It 's more important to do it .
My head was thinking , " It 's not really dangerous to die ; but I 'm more concerned about it , but it 's a little bit of a letdown .
♫ Sobule : I got a bit of it . " I said , " You know , oh , God , the drugs will allow you to adjust you . "
And you know , he said , " Well , it 's a little problem .
But it was a pharmaceutical system , and he was in jail .
So he could only be able to choose whether he had the choice , or it could n't be .
If there 's a place where you really want to do something , it 's prison .
But now I am a scientist , I 'm not going to use the data story , so let 's see data now .
We interviewed 600 drugs in Indonesia , and we asked them , " Do you know how you get HIV ? "
" Oh , sure . tooling one . "
I mean , 100 percent , right ?
And we said , " Do you know where you can buy the mosquito ? "
People say , " Oh , know . "
" We 're blind , and we certainly know where to do it . "
" Did you use the ballast ? "
And the places we interviewed were in the street , the drugs combined together .
" Do you carry the clean legs ? "
A quarter of the people carry .
So , instead of using it last week , it 's only about 10 percent a week . It 's a very , very good one .
And you can see , every one of them knows that the interface is going to infect HIV , but they still use a cup .
Why ? Is it a tool for you ?
We asked them , and they said , " You 're crazy ?
You do n't want to share it with somebody else , like you never wanted to do a toothbrush , even though it 's your lover 's lover .
And this is because , you know , the reason you know about this is the reason .
No , no . We decided we did n't want to go to jail . "
Now , in Indonesia , if you 're being arrested , it 's going to be the police operator , and you get into jail .
It 's not going to be different , right ?
Because your choice is , you know , it 's about a decade , or you 're going to be infected with a 10-year - old , so it dies , and I can be able to use my own <unk> tomorrow .
Even though the drugs were perceived to be the danger of a virus - infected disease , it was a bad year , but it would be worse in prison for a year when you were in jail , and the end of the prison would be a chance to get AIDS . "
And suddenly , the tools are very compelling .
Now let 's take a look at this issue from the standpoint of policy .
Essentially , it 's very simple .
And then there is a couple of times .
From the health care point , we 've got the wrong answer .
We wanted to get rid of the broken adhesive , and the drugs wanted to be clean .
So we used to get rid of the drug and let them get them to worry about being arrested and to solve this problem .
And the first thing that came out of this was that the people in the country were called " Autumn of Pearl Prince , " as a crystallographer .
And she took the global national national program , and the rest of the country was to follow , Australia , the Netherlands , a small country .
In these countries , you can see that less than four percent of blood vessels have been infected with HIV .
And if you look at this state of policy , like New York , the Grand Canyon , <unk> , in the aftermath of the World Trade Organization , has an infection that 's infected with a deadly disease .
The Stanford Institute of Michigan was not because she was a heart attack .
She did this country with free health care .
So , if she does n't have to invest in treating disease prevention , then she has to pay a lot of money to get expensive to disease and treat expensive costs .
So she created a political decision .
Now , if I take a ticket to my health care bag , and look at these data , it 's completely scrotum .
But in this country , governments obviously do n't think they need to provide free health for free , and we 've done it .
In America , what we 've been doing is test data , constantly testing .
So there are hundreds of studies of data on the macro - scientific revolution -- the American Science Fair , and a lot of research shows that it 's effective .
And if you look at the study of Project planning , you think that in this funny slide , I 'm going to show you a little bit of remote control , and the rest of the data will come up , but it 's so much .
Another Saturday , nothing .
Well , this is completely unsolved . You do n't think it 's .
Just , wait , no , politicians are active , and they do what they think they want to do .
And what we see is that the grapes are very reluctant to react to this situation , and it 's not wanting to react to this situation .
So it 's quite a compelling job for the pills .
Now , talk about sex .
Are we more optimistic ?
Well , I 'm not going to comment on the Mozart idea that they 're completely not with the logic , and it 's just like , you know , people get out of it .
I do n't know if Al Gore is going to be a TED speaker , but the police , you see , I 'm talking to you . I 've got to tell you a little bit about it .
It 's not easy to walk .
And maybe your luck is a little bit better .
Researcher : Well , it 's not really easy to say that AIDS is not very easy to do it .
Whether it 's infected by the virus of your blood and the tissues of your blood and your tissues .
And when somebody infected the disease , the first virus in infection is very , very high , and then your body starts to produce antibody , after 10 years or 12 years , when you 've got a little bit of time , if you have more and more , it 's a very low level , you know , I 've had a long time and I have <unk> .
But it 's not going to happen before you start to get HIV - positive , and it does n't happen to be in this stage , but you can look at it and feel bad .
So by having a very short fraction of the violence , how many of you in your body are going to be a very short place in your body .
And they 're going to get rid of it because it means you must talk about some people in a very short time than a couple of times more competitive than the other people , and so it 's a monster that 's so much money .
I 've been very curious about this because I think the courage is a bad thing , and it 's a good thing to do with sex .
And the fact is that 20 years ago , it 's been told us that some people are more prone to a lot of partners .
And all these people , they 're all a little bit more competitive .
In the party of parties , the average one has twice more than twice as well .
There are a couple of other women who come from the countries of the country , and most of these countries are powerful and most of these countries are in southern Asia .
These are plausible diseases that are going on right now .
You 're looking at these data from Africa .
And all of this is one of the seven percent of all countries that are infected with HIV and AIDS .
And the rest of the world , in general , is very common , very small levels , but HIV infections are highly high , as a result of malaria , the risk of drug drugs , bankers , cars .
You notice the profile of San Francisco . There is 25 percent infected by HIV .
Of course , if you do n't get a clinical disorder , you would lose HIV .
You 're not going to have a sexual disorder with the hearing sex that 's happening in the countryside .
And in most parts of the world , some of these are exciting , but not so much , in fact , we 're actually doing a good job in terms of what we do . In most countries , it 's 80 to 100 percent .
It 's because it 's created all this .
This is a behavior of public health , and it 's a powerful act for the human race , because the cause of malaria is the cause of business .
Nobody wants it .
And there is no customer wants to go home .
So , finally , you can go to the high - level construction industry .
But it 's not the hard thing to do because perhaps your wife or boyfriend , or you want to develop the person or spouse , because some of the romance is , you know , a certain kind of Darwinian conceit , and it does n't have a sense of " suck . "
So , in that case , you need a strong desire to use it .
Like this gentleman , he 's named Jack .
From Haiti , there was HIV .
Now he had no sex , but he reminded the other people , and why you wanted to use it .
And this is also in Haiti , reminding you why you want to be thinking .
Okay , so funny , this is a little bit of a sudden .
So this is why we call the misguided trail .
But the other side of the equation is that there 's no balance between what 's going on in the dictionary .
We heard some people say , " It 's not really a matter of treatments because , in fact , it 's really hard to get your body to reduce the virus so that you can reduce HIV . "
Well , if you look at an infection where you get infected and treat it , the virus is going down .
But how does this matter ? If you do n't get a therapy ?
So you 'll die , and you get the virus out of zero .
And these green parts , including electromagnetism , because you do n't go to the doctor or you did n't have a drug or a couple of days or three days , or your body -- or whatever you 're going to have to do it , whether it 's not because , you know , all the virus is n't because of treatments .
I mean , well , that 's good for the healing strategy .
Are we ready for patients ?
No , sure , no , no .
We have to try to get more people to accept the treatment of a storm .
But I 'm going to ask you a question about how much more exchange is , and we prevent people who do n't know what to say .
And the fact that it 's not , in the developed world , has reached 15 years , and we can learn a lot of lessons in those countries .
We see , in fact , a very , very high - scale <unk> , which is very heavy , and it 's very quickly , it does n't need to take care of health care , but they 're not going to be able to get the help of healthcare , you know , there are two reasons : " Oh , if he 's infected , he has to do the same thing . "
And the other reason is that people do n't really seem to be afraid of fear of AIDS , and it 's fun to think .
AIDS gives you a little bit like a railway station , and you 're not going to see the virus of HIV , HIV is no longer an eye - like virus .
It 's really boring , and it 's just like having to be boring for every time that you 're not , or whatever you eat , regardless of you and a few pharmaceutical points , whatever you do .
Look at the data , we 'll see the answer .
These are the data - based data .
And you 're looking at the drug spray , and these are the Rovers in the National Intelligence Agency .
Then the crowd goes down .
It does n't matter whether it 's automobiles , most of the suppliers or the treatment , and they do n't have any circumstances , there 's no circumstances I 've mentioned before .
But it turns out it 's a very large amount of malaria in the treatment industry .
These are the fertilizer factors .
What does this mean ?
And that means that people are not so afraid of fear , and the other side of the brain is increasing , the number of people live longer , much more healthy , more and less , it 's going to be very , very afraid that I 'm afraid .
What does this mean ?
And that means that the more health form , the stronger we get to prevent prevention .
Does this happen ?
No , I call it compassion .
And it turns out we 're all talking about compassion , and now the situation is very difficult for people to do it for customers that are very high - performance and low - health services , very hard to offer drugs .
But once they 're not starving , or automobiles , they become HIV - AIDS , we will lose all the emotional drugs that they have to buy , until their life ends up .
It 's completely unsolved from public health .
I 'd like to say a little bit about the word " addiction . "
He was a little girl on the street , and she was in the streets of the Rift Valley . She 's a woman .
Why is she ?
And , of course , she 's forced to do it , and then they wait , etc . , etc .
But if we teach her to give her a good job in the factory , it 's going to move out .
One hour in Indonesia , the average family for 20 cents .
It 's a little bit different .
The data on this slide came from me to 40 minutes , and this is the flower flower for every hour of lunch .
It 's not very good , but it 's really smart choice for people .
Okay , Steve .
We have the method , the knowledge , money , determination and determination , alleviate AIDS .
OS : So why are HIV - positive ?
It 's all politics .
When the politics stopped , it was a loss .
Christopher <unk> : " When the political intervention , everything became difficult . "
And from the back of the car , the politicians do n't really have a clue .
From a health care standpoint , they 're doing a lot of fun .
Everyone has a kind of logic .
How many of you have the most kind of logic . This is one of the Human Genome Man .
But the different logic is not the same trick , so the drug interface is so rational because the politicians have a stupid decision , and the judge does n't make a headache because they 're thinking about the way they thought they were .
But the problem is , we 're just a blip .
And of course we do n't have these people , but TED is a kind of deterministic vista .
Every person in this room is looking at these videos on the site , and they have a duty to ask politicians in science and the basis of the infrastructure .
We 're very hard to try to influence the world and decide every single vine in our world , but at least you can do it for the rest of your hand to stop the politicians .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/steven_strogatz_on_sync.html
In technology technology , for a young generation of generations , the world has been in the Arab world , where Al Gore is invited to 15-year - olds , and it 's going to happen at the same time , in Egypt , with the rest of the other side , to share the joy of his joy -- that the power of what is going on in this power , people realize that they can go out and change it .
global issues , morality , media , politics , technology
<unk>
Khaled Kim : The history of entrepreneurship in Arabic
A decade ago I was in Afghanistan .
I was talking about the War War in Afghanistan as a journalist , and I witnessed this kind of war , where I saw this horrible and loss of suffering .
And then , two years later , I wrote another war -- Iraq .
I was struck by the War Department of War , because I 'm at the north of Iraq .
War ended up with a regime , and supported by Afghanistan , Vietnam .
And that 's what we 're trying to do with the regime that we have , and it 's a prank , and a couple of years , it has to do the whole country .
Yet , the change that foreign intervention has led to the people who make more worse and worse .
In the last decade , we live in a place where the Arab world is in the world -- in the Arab world , in the Middle East .
In this particular period , we 've created the same thing .
I 'm about 43 years now .
In the last 40 years , what I 've seen is that we have the same face and the president of the President , which is almost like the other side -- the <unk> , the corruption , corruption -- that 's what we 've been through .
Now , I used to be curious about whether we could see a real change on this land , which is not coming out of foreign intervention , not causing the destruction of the suffering , and our land is n't going to do it .
He said , " Yes , they 're not going to get Saddam Hussein , but when they look at their land and they get a lot of their own , it feels like they 've got their dignity 's dignity .
They were starting to start with lawsuits .
They do n't want to be able to accept that .
In fact , other organizations , tell their people about what 's going on in Iraq ?
Do you want to see the war and the trauma ?
Do you want to see that ?
Do you want to see the foreign military ? "
And these people , " maybe we should keep living in the right regime , not choice . "
This is one of our most dreaded nightmare .
In a decade of decade , unfortunately , we 've been talking about the images of the introduction of conflict - blowing conflict , which is a map of violence , and there are thousands of other civilizations that have been in the culture , the arts and culture .
And I 'm here to tell you that the future of our dreams started coming out .
Narrator : The new generation of education has been inspired by the common values of values , and it has to have a global view of view .
We 've found a new approach to express our emotions and dreams , these young men who are united in the Arab world , and they give us the freedom to make our new sense of freedom that we get to the streets of the street .
No violence , no violence .
Just as long as you get out of your mailbox , your voice hated : " We hope that the regime 's going down . "
This is happening in Sussex .
A couple of days ago , it had been adopted by the security department in safety institutions , trying to stay safe , to try to maintain the prisons , and it 's going to be in the middle of the people who have been in charge of people .
People were forced to get out of the street , and they were willing to hate them to do it .
He wanted to kill those people .
They found something called Facebook .
Find the stuff called " Frost . "
They were amazed .
They said , " Boy of kids are dumped . "
So they brought their kids to the streets and they put them back into the streets .
And that 's what they said , and this is their treasure .
" Take these kids to home because they 're appointed . "
However , the general generation of social skills , those who are very excited about the future of a young generation , and the young ones are going to have the balance between the ideal and ideal process , which is not limited to the chaos of suffering and dreams .
Their parents go to the streets and support them .
So this is the dawn of the EPA .
We 're talking about Al Jazeera in San Francisco , and we 're not allowed to allow any clues to Al Gore .
But what we find is that people who cheat on the street are the reporters of our reporters , and the video is going to be put on a picture and the news and the news news .
And suddenly , at the University of Alabama , it was a center to collect all of the information from common people -- they had modems , they have modems .
So we decided : We 're going to take those news out .
We 're going to be a member of these people .
We 're going to extend the news out .
And yes , some of these young people have been connected by the Internet , but the Arab world is very limited , very small , and the reason is that we 've got a lot of problems .
Susan Gore : The voices of the television
We let this sound go into the Arab world , and every family in our English channel , we spread across the world and spread around the globe .
And then people start feeling a new kind of power .
Alan Shepherd was decided to decide how to leave .
And then , the breakup of the Egyptian continues , and the fishermen decided to leave .
Now it 's about Libya .
So , Yemen .
You 'll see a lot of different countries who want to see and experience it , " How can we imagine a great , peace , future future ? "
And I 'd like to tell you that the Internet and the people are kind of creating a form of wood .
But this idea is still a lot of the land , and it 's full of all its land .
And this is a lot of different ways of looking at the action of change , and we think that the government tells us that it 's actually -- and that is , when the change is going to be a bit of a culture , because they do n't have their culture .
We 've been believed to change the change , and this change is supposed to be between culture and cultural diversity , our beliefs and our history and the religion of the world .
Now this is happening in the Arab world .
This is the right time , which is a great moment , and we see these very important things that connect and create a very new era .
How would that be going to be the political elites ?
Compare them to Facebook they sent the camel into the Cairo of Cairo .
♫ Sobule : And Al Gore started picking up their heads .
When they failed them , they stated that somebody was building a dust in Tel Aviv .
They start demanding the West " careful Corporation . "
The site relies on our land .
And these are the beliefs of Islam .
Be careful , they 're ready for you to destroy your great civilization . "
It 's very painful to get people right now .
Because this area has lost the ability of throwaways .
They 're not going to be in the past or right now , and they 're not going to be able to do this .
They lost ...
They were a lot of people , and they were now , we witnessed one of them and then another piece of rock .
Qatar Gore 's tool tool
We ca n't create change .
And when this is happening , we become the center of the TV report .
We were arrested in Egypt and we had been arrested .
But most of our contributors are in the midst of sync in Egypt -- completely adaptable and inspired by the secret to the lobby .
18 days ago , our camera cameras were constantly converging to the percentage of the population .
And I remember that one night a couple of days ago , somebody took me a cell phone -- one I did n't know .
And he told me , " We 're not going to cut the camera .
If you closed a camera , it 's going to be going to happen tonight that would happen .
You 're constantly blogging , which is in protecting us . "
I felt that I was responsible for the local journalist and our news to tell them , " You 're going to have to do it at night because the people in the room would be self - sufficient because there 's a lot of confidence , because people are able to feel it 's protecting their stories . "
So we have the opportunity to create a new future in Arabic .
We have the opportunity to go into new future and know that it 's going to pass the world .
We do n't want to rely on the wrong journey of slavery .
We should abandon the view -- particularly in the Western world -- one of the world 's countries in which Arab Arab world is spreading into the interests of oil or security and security .
The steady stability of attraction and security is dictated by terrorism , violence and destruction .
We should accept people 's choices .
Do n't pay attention to what we call the future of our future .
The future should be driven by self - decide , even though they 're afraid of fear .
Democracy is the freedom and choice of choice in the Middle East , and it 's the best time of the Arab world to get things out of sync to see stability and security as well as the world 's world .
We should support these people .
We should be a representation of them .
We should abandon our hearts that we embrace , and we 're going to have a great future of people who want to do the best future in the future .
The future is in the future right now .
Thank you very much .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : PH : I have a couple of questions to ask you .
Thank you very much .
How do you describe this important history ?
Can it produce a year - old impact , can generate more than a decade of influence ?
Narrator : In fact , it might actually be the most significant event we 've ever seen .
We talked a lot of war .
It 's a lot of fun , many problems , lots of questions , and many of the colonies , because we 're in the center of these events .
And this story -- it 's great ; it 's very beautiful .
We do n't mean it 's not just because you have to press a book .
You 're seeing the history of history .
You 're looking at a new era .
And that 's what this is about .
Chris Anderson : There are many people in the Western world who think that this is just a little larger ball .
Do you really believe that if Egypt is now making a new government , so that government will accept all of the values that you 're going to put in the last few days ?
Narrator : So , in fact , people were in the middle of the southern regime , and they were able to make different organizations and al - sidewalks , they 're trying to bring it to the values of transitioning to democracy , but to keep it on the value of democracy and also starved to be sterile .
In my opinion , these people , as well as the chief of the political elites , even in politics , have a lot of wisdom in politics .
In this case , Arab countries in the Arab world are more intelligent , and they have the ability to change them more than that -- including politics and culture .
Chris Anderson : That 's what we 're not going to do with them .
The TED audience , the world of the West , believed that the change is happening , and if they want to participate in it , they should be able to do the forces , what should they do ?
Anthony birthday : I think we 've found that the Arab world has been discovered in Arabic -- people who care about this big revolution .
And Mohammed Shaw is today , today we 've been working on the leader of Albert Al Jazeera , and he told me , we went up to 25 percent of the world .
50 percent from the U.S.
Because we found that people are looking at what they want to know -- they 're going through our Internet .
Unfortunately , in the U.S.
But I can tell you that it 's going to celebrate where we 're going through the streets of the street , and the people who are blogging , we can connect to people that are connected to their support or to help us make a better future for all of us .
Chris Anderson : Okay , well , the TED community , a group of TED 's TED conference , talks to the conversation at the same time that we talk about .
These are some of the speakers .
I believe they hear your speech .
Thank you , to inspire them and inspire us .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/steven_strogatz_on_sync.html
Sebastian musician and storytelling David Fowler shows the old wisdom and shares the ancient wisdom of the TV , and he shows a little bit of an unusual instrument of instrument -- and there 's a wonderful , wonderful guy called " The optical toolbox . "
arts , culture , entertainment , invention , music , storytelling
<unk>
David Fowler on play 's music
This is the South Side of North Carolina .
This is when I was a kid .
And she said something made me pause , like " Time . "
She said , " Your friend 's friend .
Why , because if you do n't have them , you would be a stranger . "
This is her song .
Let 's take a look at the song , and let 's see if you can go to the song .
It 's inversely proportional to Michael Pollan .
Give him a sense of applause .
One , two , three , four .
Oh , my love is the breakup of the lake , and if I ca n't see her , I would be crazy .
And I had to go to the river where I would live , and as long as they hit me , I could go into her .
Oh , hey , boom , Houston ! Hey , oh , Steve Jobs !
Hey , hey , Houston . Hey , hey .
Now , what you 're looking at is a picture of the first time in Hong Kong , which is in southern Carolina .
I went out and I learned that from her .
She ca n't be able to do it again , she ca n't play it again .
I took her in front of the hallway .
Out of the ground , it 's her family 's head , smoking the ketchup .
And two houses are there .
And then we went down to this . She was not so far , so I sing , " Hey , hey ! "
Oh , hey , boom , Houston ! Hey , oh , Steve Jobs !
Hey , hey , Steve Jurvetson ! Hey .
Oh , I was hooked with her .
She was angry , and she had the dawn of tears .
In the way , the geese and the foie gras are swimming down and down into the beautiful , odd thought , and a little less ?
Oh , hey , boom , Houston ! Hey , oh , Steve Jobs !
Hey , hey , Steve Jurvetson ! Hey .
Let 's do it for a second .
Oh , we got married , and the next Thanksgiving .
And I 'm going to enjoy that , and she 's going to make life support .
We 're going to be able to get a good dish , maybe someday , someday .
Oh , hey . Psst , Psst . Hey , Houston , you know !
Once again .
Oh , I said , " Well , Steve Jobs ! Hey , hey , boom ! "
Oh , no , Houston , hey !
Thank you , Michael .
This is a sneak preview .
When I arrived in Southern California , it was a creative school , and I was there to get the biology and the art industry and it came to campus .
That was 1968 , and I think it should be .
He was playing with the music of the logic , but when he was close to the concert , he played a style of style , and he had a little bit of an old version of it .
It could be called a basket - shaped style , and it was the liberation of his mother and his father .
I love love .
And I asked it , how could I learn it ?
And he said , " Well , you can go back to the bathroom , and I 'm here , or South Carolina , where there is a lot of music that has a lot of music .
And there are lots of older people who live in the past life .
And then I went there .
I do n't really know where people are born with culture .
You know , I go back to school , and I 've done my homework and then I said , " I 'm going to go to my parents and my parents . "
You can imagine what they 're excited .
I wanted to show you a little picture of what I 've taken with my mentors .
It 's just some of them , but maybe you get some hint from those lines .
There 's a silver lining . Let 's make it a little break .
In the last few years , it was just a picture of last year .
He 's one of the greatest squatter towers of America .
To tell him what he knew , it sounds like this , and you 're hard to understand what it says . But it 's really great .
He was in the house of his great building building .
No water , no power . It 's very , very good .
You can see some more images .
In fact , I have a website , a lot of photos I 've taken on top of this picture , and there are some of the people that I do n't know .
In those pictures , you can see the instrument . It 's called " Dry . "
It 's definitely the first one in the world , and in southern south , people can play it .
Now , they 're not going to play on the guitar , but it 's doing something like this .
They 're just using a branch of branches and branches , and they hide them together .
It 's not a good thing to do with cats , but it creates a very good little instrument .
It sounds like this .
And music , if you 're familiar with a lot of the good stories , are the ones who are going to be a good story about them ?
In Tel Aviv , I 'm called " My Eagle Song " ; we all have a little girl .
In Tel Aviv , I 'm called " My Eagle Song " ; we all have a little girl .
Now , they were forced to put in charge of where everyone knew about them .
When people see them , they put their guns down .
In Tel Aviv , I 'm called " My Eagle Song , " and we all have a little girl .
In Tel Aviv , I 'm called " My Eagle Song " ; we all have a little girl .
It sounds like a kind of a puzzle .
Well , in 1954 , I wanted to be there .
We were driving on the Rift Valley in Texas , and I had spent my childhood .
We 're going to get back to the top of the decade , the South Side of aviation .
My mother was driving ; I was sitting with my older brother and I sat on the door .
We were all born with a mother , like a window boat .
There are tens of thousands of acres .
We just had to just go to Michigan , but my mother would n't be able to buy it for the end of the nine - year - old .
Oh , men , Dick .
And the mother was raising our thumb , and she said , " You ! You do n't think what you want .
You do n't know how hard they are , and your dad works .
You think that money comes out of the tree , and you do n't have to survive your workforce .
You 're just getting me mad , and you get a job in this summer . "
She took the car , and she said , " Get me out . "
I stand up with my older brother .
We 're standing on thousands of acres .
There are about a hundred black farmers who are running the marshmallow .
My mother broke our shoulder , and we took us into the Rift Valley .
She went out and she said , " I have two people who never cried their own . "
And of course , we had a eight - year - old .
And she said , " Can you make them work ? "
Okay , so it was a very funny idea that it would be a funny piece of advice : putting these two class kids at the top of the marshmallow , and that was August ' -- the weather was very hot .
So he gave us one of the empty vacuum tubes , about 10 feet long , and then the big bar , then we went into the Rift Valley .
Now , the Islands is a very good time , but it 's on it .
If you do n't know what you 're doing , your grandparents are going down .
And I started with my brothers and my older brother , and our hands started drifting on -- " Mom ! "
And the mother is sitting in the middle , like this , like this .
She did n't have to drive us in charge .
And I guess I could see him in his head .
He went down to us and started with the sounds of the sound .
He said , " Oh , there 's a timeline and a long time long , and I know .
Do n't go to me .
Oh , there is a mismatch between the top , and I know .
Do n't go to me . "
And the people in this circle started singing , and he said , " Well , the good news , OK ? ♫ Sweeney : Okay ?
" Good good , Panbanisha coming . "
The good news is boxers . "
And I do n't want to be just like this . "
In my brother and my older brother , we never heard the music . It 's beautiful .
And we 've been there for a day of the day , no complained , not crying , and they said , " Oh , you do n't cry . ♫ Sweeney : Do n't ♫ ' Inconvenient " and " difficulty " -- and I 've done it . "
And finally , every single day , we 've got a quarter of a cup of islands .
But the baby workers in the farm are great , giving us one dollar check , but my mom does n't have to take it to money .
I 'm about 19 ; I 've got that checked .
Now , my mother wanted us to learn the value of obsolete labor .
But if you have kids , you know , it does n't work .
Yes , we went to something else .
The first thing I learned in those days was that I did n't do it very well .
And it 's never .
But I also learned that , in this world , there are some people who really need to do it every day , and this is really what makes me look at .
And I also learned that a good song can make a difference .
And it could be brought together , and other ways to do it .
I was a little eight - year - old girl , and when my mother took us out of Texas , we threw on the oaks of Texas .
I do n't even know what music is -- it does n't know .
And when that day was a sixth of the hill , when people started screaming , I found my heart and the real music solution , and I thought that was the first time I was going to start thinking about it , right ?
I sing this with a joke , and I swear : Oh , there 's a timeline and a long time long , I know .
You sing : Do n't go into me .
Oh , there is a mismatch between the top , and I know .
Do n't go to me .
Good good , the good news : Panbanisha is coming .
Okay , the good news is boxers .
Okay , the good news is boxers .
Do n't go away from me to -- you do n't have a copy of it , right ?
Let 's do it .
Oh , there is a mismatch between the top , and I know .
Do n't go to me .
Oh , there is a mismatch between the top , and I know .
Do n't go to me .
The good news : Panbanisha recently arrived at the beginning .
Okay , the good news is Panbanisha started coming out .
Okay , the good news is boxers .
Do n't go to me .
And I came up with this for a couple of years , and I 'm going to talk about that .
My mother was in the audience .
At the end -- and , of course , she 's happy to get a story about her , but when she goes out and said , David , some things I have to say to you .
I brought it out .
I came up with a <unk> . I found the owner of the continent .
I just wanted to give you these two kids learning value .
I do n't know if it 's going to make you healthy .
We 're going to take the good news . Number good . Fall out .
Okay , good news : Fall off from tendinitis on .
Okay , good news : Panbanisha recently arrived .
Do n't go to me .
Okay , this is the Open guitar . It 's the American instrument .
This is the first half - brother brothers created , and they created the <unk> , a kind of shaped instrument of instruments , which is where the sound comes from there .
Normally it 's drawing on the leg .
It was made in the 20th century , and it was n't just to play for the Hawaii of Hawaii , but they were n't going to make a lot of chickens and created it .
In Africa , American Americans even say you 're going to hit the ballast , like this -- a good one and a great one .
May n't work yesterday yesterday .
Put it down , put it on the hand , start playing .
And the instrument was able to say a little bit about me .
15 years ago , or 14 ago I thought , I had lost our daughters in a car accident , and the wife was the most -- it was almost like , virtually me , almost almost to keep my life .
And I thought , I know what happiness is because I 've gone through these incredible chaos , and I 'm standing on the abyss .
I had to have a reason for that .
I had to sit down , put it out , because I really wanted to leave it ; I 'm ready for the world .
Of course , Turbo was the first one , and my son , my sons , with my parents -- I did n't want to hurt them .
And then when I think about other things , these are very small things .
I do n't care about -- I have a laptop maker , and I 've got a radio show , " The Lord of Man " and " I 'm not really afraid of this . "
It does n't care about anything . Nothing care .
And the list shows this , looking at the Open flights , and the absence of light in the new way of cleaning up the wall , the speed of the five - year - old , which promotes the old bike - shaped song and Jack Bigelow and Dave Valenti .
For me , the sound of the brush , because my parents gave me a guitar in a joke .
And I sat down on the Best Buy , but it does n't work , and I 'm going to do it as well as possible .
And that 's the only one , in all of the instruments , to get me out of this .
This is the song .
I heard you have trouble .
God , I hate to hear this news .
If you want to talk to me , you know , I 'm going to listen to you .
Let 's do it again ; I 'll tell you what I normally do .
I 'm going to be able to convince another one another , play the guitar on the guitar .
And people said , " Oh , yeah ! "
Yeah , it 's easy to do it .
When you look at it , they 're looking for the tooling .
And sometimes I think maybe it 's better to be in my own grief , " until you 're able to get to sing and sing these cables .
Now , you can put it all together , smoking , drinking , or drug therapy , but you know that it does n't make you want to go .
I get a couple of answers to make things happen .
And meetings came out of me , and I just played up playing a wall of guitar .
Open up .
I want to tell you , my dad is an inventor .
In 1957 , the moon was introduced , and we moved to California .
He was looking at celebrity ; he was a lot of patent .
We went from Michael Telecommunications , and John Maeda .
They were obsessed with me .
John formed , and Michael was the inventor of the computer .
And Michael 's father was doing a thing called computer .
So , in 1957 , I was a 10-year - old ; I did n't know what it was . He took me to the past , and you know , they were doing what they 're doing . It 's like a library , it 's just like an electronic library and a piece of engineering that says , " Well , what 's going to happen to your pocket ? "
And I thought , oh my God , that would be a little girl .
And this Christmas , maybe I 've got time to talk about this -- that Christmas one , I got a dozen chemicals out of the freezer , the chemicals I 'd got to try to get a bachelor 's spider - borne chemicals to build a chemical repair repair filter ?
I wanted to be an inventor like my father and Michael .
His grandfather was Swiss , the inventor of the Red Brigades .
So we think that this is a commercial engineer .
We see three striking chemicals : neoteny , <unk> and <unk> .
God , we have 10 years , but we know the stars .
We made a little bit of a piece , put it on the wrist , and we hold it down , the lid , the windows , and it 's very cool .
Clearly , what 's going on here is the mosquito .
So we went to Michael Washington , who had all sorts of things , and we put a tube on the bottom of it , where the wind blows up the wall , put it in the middle of the sand , with a little bit of a hole , to put them out there , putting it into the cliffs and put out the tubes , you put these three towers , it 's going to take a couple of steps , which is where we 're making it .
We 're not stupid : we put it on June feet .
And we got the thing out of the way , and the wind was running out -- the black dots were following the pages .
Gets it out .
There are two and a half steps out of Michael Pollan .
We put everything in our garden , and he burned it in his garden .
It 's a matter of texture ; it might be a symbol that 's still there , and it 's going down .
My brother knew what we did .
He and his partner , the older , was pretty simple .
It 's going to be the lesson that we 're not trying to do if we 're not going to make it .
We said , " Name a long time , what ? "
And they said , we need to melt the rocket 's batteries .
And of course we 'll give you a whole range of .
So we did a lot of them , and I was just moved there . We were moved to California .
Mother 's got to re - recline the kitchen ; the mother does n't get home , and we found the Rover .
Chris Anderson : And Chris got to melt the plate .
And I 'm standing in the kitchen side with Michael .
Chris Mary said , " Well , look , it 's got to melt off . Okay .
There 's no problem . Okay . "
It suddenly drops , Chris Shepherd , and he looked like this .
No hair , no keyboards , nothing .
The mother has lifted up all over the place , and the air is full of <unk> .
She went back and she took that chemical integration , and we never seen it .
And we often think of it as a very weird thing , because every time the mother is a little bit weird .
So I love things like this , and I thought , as close as I was going to take off the clothes I 'd developed .
And when I was a third grade , I 'm thinking , why do n't we use the oldest form of music form and the most modern technology , the best technology of the modern technology ?
I called it a red suit .
At the time , cows were a fantastic thing .
I put these cards together , and the clothing are 12 .
I came up with a little bit of music yesterday , and I 'm going to show you this today .
And I 've got a switch here , and here it is , here , there .
If I do n't take it , it 's painful . Okay .
Now , I put this into the brush , put it into a pocket machine , and they can produce all kinds of voices , like a candy station .
Let me put them together , and then I can change the sound of the straw , but let me cut it down and give you a little peek or something like this .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sheena_iyengar_on_the_art_of_choosing.html
Every seven years , designers closed him down to the studio of London in London , and he took his inspiration for his creative inspiration . He wrote a little bit of the value of what he was trying to get out of Santa Barbara .
adventure , art , creativity , design , happiness , sports , work
<unk>
Christopher Sweeney : Agile power
I was a design studio in New York .
Every seven years I was closed a year , a little bit of a small experiment , and it was n't easy to work in normal work .
A year , we do n't accept any customer .
It 's completely blind .
It 's a wonderful and powerful time of energy .
Originally I was driving this studio in New York , and my two two daughters : music and design .
We made a video of video and design , and there are lots of musicians you 're familiar with .
I realized that a lot of the things I love as life was , when I was totally overwhelmed .
And it turns out it 's going to be a continuum .
My studio was not exception to our work .
Here it is , books get a glass eye .
And the same design , in order to use it to make a glowing book .
So we decided to find a year .
And I also have another reason that we 've been able to learn about 40 percent of the time at the beginning of life .
And the final thing is about 15 years of retirement .
I think a more reasonable thing , maybe for five years , took them to work .
And I obviously feel happy .
But even more importantly , from a random number of years , it could take companies to control the company , but not just to give one one to one .
Two years ago , one of the TED Rovers is called " The Magic Prince , " and he uses his job for three different levels .
I taught me very precisely .
I could make work as a Catholic , to do it .
And it starts with the weekend .
I might need an appointment , balance - life .
Or , I can make work as my business , so I 'm going to do it more efficiently .
But sometimes I want to spend this amount of energy ?
The third level , which is , as a matter of work , is that if the work works , it 's possible to do it , even though I do n't have any money at all .
I do n't have faith , but I respect nature .
My first signature was in New York City .
I hope the second one is different .
Europe and America were n't very big , and I was very familiar with them , so I got Asia .
This is the most beautiful landscape of Asia , and I see the most beautiful landscape of Asia .
There 's still a civil war there , so I chose the tooling .
That 's a beautiful , refreshing society .
And I was going to get out of September 2008 .
And the place itself is very large .
And the first thing I need is that the mosquito is too expensive .
And the second thing I need to do is keep trying to keep them around the house , and when I was walking around my house .
We did the 99 dog , like a T - shirt .
A guy is a T - shirt .
You know , as a small ball , a little bit of information that 's threatened by the back of a T - shirt .
I was leaving New York City , and I thought I could make a copy .
I 'll give people a job .
They were no longer left to themselves .
The waiter sold the furniture .
And the upshot of that is that I love no one .
I do n't like it again .
And one of the things I 'm trying to do is design furniture .
And the design of design is , of course , we 're still talking to the <unk> .
It 's not all done .
I remember doing this for a while , and I finally told the dog .
I also designed this MR .
" Come here . "
It took 3,000 million dollars .
We also have a little bit of a seed tank that 's packed on the magnet , and it uses it to move all the way down to the center .
And then design this very , very well - called chair .
In rodents , I started walking the first time .
However , I 'm going to tell you a little bit about listening to people who talk about their wishes .
So I 'm not talking about it .
You know , many of you know this TED TED Prize conference , and he wrote books from TED to buy this book .
For four years , I ended up with a couple of years later on this book .
And I 'm happy to know that the book is , and it 's a book in which the book is going on .
I 'm going to show you a little bit about people who are coming from playing anthropology .
This is Heidi in Heidi : the best chef in the world , and his restaurant is located south in southern south .
He 's seven months every year .
And the other five months was found that he did this experiment , and the kitchen staff was not working with it .
He 's the latest data .
He could take eight people a year .
They received 30,000 million dollars .
Look at my cycle , and I spent 50 years on my time spent a year .
Look at the company I 'm more successful than I was successful in the 20th century , made all of the engineers working on the twentieth century .
Some of them were successful .
The World Trade Organization is the product of the company , and there 's a lot of wood that 's created by the way that he uses private time to inventing a private era .
Google , 40 percent of their software engineers to do what they want .
Anybody in audience try to figure out what 's going on ?
Yeah ?
Do you sit on your hands with you ?
Please talk to them and see if they 're going to succeed .
And I found that the best way to talk about what I want to do in the future is to tell people that people are going to be more potent than the people who are supposed to be more effective .
When I think about a good idea , I put decisions in the front row .
And I told a lot of people , and I 'm going to wait for a long time , and I 'm not going to get into it .
The first thing I took out of my first day did n't work very well .
I do n't think it 's a good job for free . But I 'm wrong .
There 's no plan , and I 'm going to get a little bit of the little stuff , I do n't mean to work , but I mean , the other mommies .
For example , for Japan to design books .
That means , I 'm giving myself a little peek .
And so quickly I had a list of things that I was interested in , and it took them to put them into a massive time and put it in the same time , like it was done .
What 's the plan ? Eight to nine : to write the secret to 10 , imagine the future .
It 's not a success . So , and so on .
And in fact , some of the first ones that were going on was really designed to me .
What 's the result ?
And I went into design .
And I would like to say that .
From long - term economic view , my first edged was successful .
Because the quality is increased , we can put more energy .
And the most important thing is that it 's all about seven years , and we have a little year from the design of our design .
And if you look at a couple of projects , it 's a little more than a dozen years later .
The first point is that we 're uncomfortable with it .
It turns out that this is exactly the same idea that it 's going to work only for a number of different companies .
You know , the music 's invited us to design a piece of music that 's designed to build a music center , in Portugal .
And although I wanted to use this symbol to design it , it did n't have a success .
And one of the main reasons is that it 's not a good one because it takes a long time to do it in Paris , and he says it 's going to take the layer of layer .
And I did n't really understand that I was able to take him down to the city of English and figure out , basically , design design is design design .
I understood that the architecture itself is a symbol .
It 's very easy to do .
So we put a shield in the building , from far to the ground , to look at Islam , and across the south , the South , across sub - Saharan areas , across the south .
In a very special way , it took me a friend of a software called music .
Add it into a scanner .
Put any images on it , like Beethoven .
Software can immediately give you a music party .
When you want to design a lawyer like a terrorist , that software is very useful , because the visual elements and the chaos is exactly exactly the same .
So at the end of the concept , they have to be different .
If you play the music , it 's a vivid symbol .
Or Steve Jurvetson , or if it 's a bird or a fear of H1N1 , whether they 're there , and who 's performing their logo , who is the gesture of the music themselves .
In the midst of music , it 's the same in the middle of the art , or the music director , and their music prints in their workforce .
And there was a whole full range of <unk> in this building .
They have self - deception .
Here 's the truck they tracked .
And they also have a little modern office one , which is called " mountaintop " , " and the name of the title is the trick .
And really , you can use this symbol to create ads .
It 's like the poster or the Spanish , or Mozart Gamble or Spanish Gamble .
You can design it with a form of shape .
You can get it out of the skin .
You can design a poster , and you can tell one of the things that the music 's supposed to do , or in the workforce , at the bottom of your house and on the right side of music .
And the second time : I 'm going to show you a few years ago , most of the time I get to design this language , and it does n't have to be bad .
I 'm not anti - selling .
My parents were <unk> .
But I think I spent that time learning about this language , why does it just help me ?
And it should be something else .
These work came from this idea .
And some of you might have seen it .
I used to show TED in TED before the TED conference , " What I 've learned . "
I 'm going to talk about two .
This is a klutz in the middle of a chair , and it 's in a New York City tunnel , in a New York City .
It said , " Self - help . "
A week later .
Two weeks later three weeks , four , four .
You can see it 's almost as much as it is , but not all .
Here 's some chaos to my picture .
We gave us a hotel in Amsterdam and we had to do something .
We use Photoshop as a context of a small piece of work .
We have a different approach from the Starrs , which is a different depths of the U.S.
There 's a third of the new stars , and it 's very old , too .
It took more than a week , and 100 volunteers have created this book , " Wealth " and " destruction of life . "
And our goal is to put this in a very good way , and the idea is that it 's hard to decide that I 'm going to take this money away .
Or keep the imagery .
In the process of doing this , the same week and the groom , a lot of people who lived around the neighborhood , and they were very , very happy about it .
And when it finally came out , he took a big white plastic bag to put it in the Gulf , and until he had a little neighbors , until he had a neighbors .
Amsterdam in Amsterdam , Florida , see what they wanted to protect it .
Put it on the police station , and put it on the police station , right ?
See they did it .
And that 's the police , and it 's full of work .
Eight hours later , there 's only a lot of light on it .
We 've got a bigger project .
It 's a conversation about happiness .
And here we have some dirty pigs for us to do the title .
They were n't very impressed .
We 've taken a lot of the time , and we hope that she 's going to work beautifully .
It looks pretty good .
It 's a little knot .
My studio was in a monkey forest .
This is a monkey farm that looks very happy .
We brought these guys together .
They do great , but they have a big problem .
And of course , if you do n't have your own hand , you 're not really happy .
We 'll make this movie for two years .
A couple of times .
You might think that the movie of happiness is probably not worth it .
You can certainly go to the guy .
I rejoice that I live alive .
And I 'm happy to be alive , I 'm happy .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/tim_berners_lee_the_year_open_data_went_worldwide.html
Physicist Lee Huang tells a scientific story about how science works : as he said , " We 're going to fight and discuss the debate , but the next thing you can do with this is the same thing , and that next generation will make a difference . He says , you know , democracy has been made .
community , global issues , physics , politics , science , social change
<unk>
PH : The opposite of science and democracy
For three years , I was a guy in London named Howard Kennedy , who said , " I 'm talking to some people , we wanted to build a sequel to an emergency studio .
We had 1,200 dollars , and we wanted to make it work .
We want to be in the field , and we will innovate , let it make it different .
We need to get away from the young people , but we have to do it with the power of power , and it 's going to be the power of choice .
I think 25 seconds , so it 's a good idea .
Three years later , we went on the Houston Film Festival , " This is the best work ever ever attempted .
And I had found a job for my first time , and I would n't even worry about it to leave it , because when I was here , there was anything going on here .
And I 'm going to take you through a very quick speech , and I want you to look at what we 're talking about .
What makes science progress , we think a lot about it .
First , no matter who , if you learn science to science , you know , what you 're learning about is the science method of the school , and it 's wrong . There 's no way .
On the other hand , we 're not suggesting that the answer is to discuss the questions that we all agree with .
This is what a democracy would do .
So , how does this work ?
And I think that it works because scientists are connected together through the Mommy .
Here 's a couple of their ideas .
I do n't just read it , I 'm not teaching .
I 'm talking to entertainment .
But there 's one of these ideas : every scientist is trying to believe that everything is right in all the right time .
But we 've been able to figure out this : whether it 's true to me , whether people are correct , or whether we 're only 30 years later , the next generation of scientist , 50 years later .
Therefore , for traditional and scientific respect for science and science , science needs to have a lot of progress , to adjust the progress of science .
In this realm , in the midst of the developed model , it 's based on shared conditions , and I believe that , you know , this process is taught us to teach us .
It 's not just the idea of science and social society to do a citizen in the world , and the way that we have to think about space , time and universe .
I 'd like to talk about three stages of evolution .
The first stage is that the universe science is going to be Aristotle , there is a range of concepts .
It 's the center of the Earth , and the second one is the sun , the moon , planets , eventually , all the things that are in the cosmos , everything is a place in the universe .
Aristotle 's dynamic way to think about everything , and that 's , of course , the social rules of Aristotle , who are really more important , is that religion loves Social rights to Aristotle .
And the idea is : it 's almost like the last one .
And everything is clear , and the things that are very , very good at the equivalent of the content is that it 's a perfect piece of God that 's going to be the result of God .
And Aristotle , the cosmologist , is in a certain level , which is the social society .
In 17th century , Newton got a revolution in space , time and movement , and the issues of time .
In the same time , John Rockwell and his partner led to social ideas .
These two revolutions are connected .
In fact , Newton and Boeing were a friend .
They have a whole range of space on space , time - time thinking , and they 're thinking about the other , the way they think about society .
I 'm talking to you .
Newton 's universe without center -- thank you .
And the particles are in a perfectly egalitarian space where they 're moving around .
It does n't mean the same position in space that is not meaningful because it 's not just in any other way , but in the absolute cosmos , it is a relatively God .
Again , like this , in an MEG society , some people have more power , and some of the people in the form are being seen as absolute , abstract forces , the wisdom of that kind of thing , it does n't have to be social .
The history of history .
And there was a deep observer , and he had all the time , he was the God who was talking to the universe , because he did n't exist in the world because , by the way , there is no way to look at it from the space , including God , God knows that everything 's actually Newton .
This is the traditional power of traditional freedom and Newton physics .
By the 20th century , there was a revolution , and it happened until we still still continue today .
The emergence of relativity and quantum physics emerged this way .
And so these combined , and ultimately , it was the pinnacle of the theory , until it 's a theoretical puzzle until today .
In the universe , none of the chaos is absolutely absolute .
The universe is connected .
The space is just one of the other things , so it 's not meaningless .
There are only places there .
And the network network is constantly evolving .
So , what we call the thread of connection .
And the properties of all the things are connections .
And if you 're in this connection , your worldview , and through the network of information , is directly connected to information .
It 's not the deep part of the ocean , or all of a sudden , in a common proportion of independent people .
This is general relativity , quantum theory .
And if you were to ask the legal experts , this is the basis of the new law .
They 're all the same .
Except , instead of , they 're always going to figure out the relativity of relativity .
And this is a very interesting discussion .
We just chatted about the rules of the cosmologist .
And what it 's mostly about is the universe , which means that everything is agnostic about all the time .
In this connection , every time you see some of the patterns of patterns , the structure of structure , which is the whole thing , or some beautiful things , like all the lives of all life , and the men ' men are " Man and women . "
You know , you want to know how this works .
And the only thing that 's going on in the universe is possible , which is , by a way , they create themselves .
There 's a self - organizing structure in the universe , and everything is created by the institution .
Because there 's no space in the universe , and the Newton 's universe and Newton .
We have the process of self - organizing process .
And Darwin told us that self - organization is very wealthy , and we can tell ourselves about ourselves and what we see .
Self - organizing theory : it 's not just when you think about how natural evolution works , and you can see that evolution theory is only in this connection .
Narrator : Nature theory depends on the importance of content -- health relationships to species and species species .
And Darwinian theory is a very small universe in Aristotle , and there 's a lot of this stuff .
So , based on biology , the idea of natural selection needs to be connected to the properties of biological systems .
Moreover , the most designed universe is to connect to the universe , and all of the properties are connected .
Not only , but Einstein told us that the world is connected to each other .
If you do n't have a source of gravity , life is going to be the same stars , the stars have to do it to prevent the world , like the Earth , and billions , billions of years , it makes life progress .
In the 20th century , we saw these two major projects in science .
In biology , people explore the balance of self - organization , complexity and availability .
This is an unintended achievement .
Suddenly , this theory is about cognitive science , economics and development .
Meanwhile , the physicists are trying to figure out how to study , integration theory and aesthetics .
In our studies , it turns out that it 's the universe that is connected to connection .
In the 21st century , the 20th century is going to be the combination of these two ideas , and the idea is that the other side of the world is self - organizing .
In the 21st century , we 're exploring the study of space and the universe , and we 're trying to develop social research .
And their development is the combination of two ideas : simplicity and connections .
If you look at it from the perspective of democracy , democracy is going to be updated , which is , you know , there 's a variety of different kinds of interests , different different types of ideas .
Each pales , because we 're in a network network .
Anybody who 's a democratic participant in a network of connection .
Some of you might be in some field , so that there is a lot of competition to compete with , and that is politics .
And politics , from the theory , is that we 're discussing our own self - network network for better life , creating better society .
I think science is never going to be around us .
Actually , I 've been following it . It 's never been around us .
http://www.ted.com/talks/jack_horner_building_a_dinosaur_from_a_chicken.html
There 's a little dinosaurs in the world where ? In 9th grade , the paleontologist , Jack Jack , tells us how he works through the skull of a skull , and it turns out it 's not the secret to our love .
biology , paleontology , science
<unk>
Jack Savage : The dinosaurs 's shape
Now I 'm going to be a little bit more likely to ask you about the hands of your hand or the wheel .
I want to know how many people there are in the room between three to 12 years ?
No ?
I know .
Today I 'm going to talk about the dinosaurs .
Do you remember how you prefer dinosaurs ?
It 's a very interesting thing .
But let 's be today .
We need to look at them from another angle .
And I learned some things from dinosaurs , and it was to try to get to be extinct .
Simple .
People ask me , " Well , what are the most important questions that kids like to do ? "
What are dinosaurs particularly attracted to ?
And I 'm going to tell you that it 's a lot of me , because the dinosaurs is very different .
Yes , all the dinosaurs were extinct .
And I 'm not going to be a thousand times as much as possible .
So this is a very , very different , and it 's quite different .
The theme of today I 'm talking about today : " The root of the dinosaur and the cause of death .
We 're thinking about dinosaurs .
So , you know , it 's not going to work .
There are many different types of species .
About a long time ago , it was a very exciting time in the early 20th century .
They collect dinosaurs around .
And this process was very interesting .
Because every museum wanted to be a better dinosaur than others .
So if in Toronto , if you find a big , big book , the box is going to get a bigger , better and better , and it 's better .
It was all about every museum .
So people are looking at a big dinosaur .
This is when it was in the 19th century .
In 1970 , some scientists started thinking about this .
And look at these dinosaurs .
All this big .
What 's the point ?
And scientists started thinking about this problem and wrote the question , " Where is the little dinosaur ? "
And if you go to the museum , you see that there 's not a few small dinosaurs .
People assume -- it 's a problem that people assume that if small dinosaurs are , or the dinosaurs , it should be very easy to get out of it .
And the dinosaurs should be a little dinosaurs .
But what we 're seeing is pretty large .
So this gives us a few questions .
First of all , scientists are really happy to give them names .
They like to give any names .
Everybody wants a new creature to give the new animals .
So every time they find a new species , they look a little bit slightly different .
So we have a whole bunch of dinosaurs .
In 1975 , the human mind suddenly drops .
And this is a guy named Georg Cantor , Dr. Dr. Maeda , and he realized that the discovery of dinosaurs was really similar to birds and <unk> .
And he took it for a second .
The birds are very cool -- and actually all of the eggs are really cool because they 're going to develop 98 percent of their heads when they go to adulthood .
Now think about it now .
They actually keep the characteristics of the process until the development process .
It 's very quickly developed .
So if you look at an airplane where you 're going to go to HIV , you ca n't do it , and you can think that it 's two different types of animals .
So this is a problem Kanzi knows , and so he has to take a look at this .
And he took the age of childhood and adults , and if it 's growing up , then childhood is a little more than half the size of a mature pathway .
But the fact is that it 's a little bit of a little bit of a traffic patch .
That 's interesting .
It looks like this is the place where people think of their ideas .
I mean , if people can accept the discoveries of Peter Bateson , we have a lot of different kinds of dinosaurs .
But remember , scientists are very anxious , and they really love things .
So when they found that they did n't have a different set of dinosaurs , it would be called their name .
Now we 've got a method that can overcome a dinosaur , or any kind of creature or adult .
So that was the cut bone to figure out .
But you can imagine that it 's hard to cut a dinosaur , because in the museum , these bones are pretty compelling .
They put each one of these ants .
It takes a bubble into a small band .
It 's good enough .
And if you take a look at it and say , you know , it 's not going to be too much to get a look at these bones .
So in general , we do n't have this chance .
But I also had a museum , and I was also able to find fossils that I would love to brush these bones .
So I cut it off .
If you cut a small piece of DNA , it turns out that there is a lot of water , and it 's a lot of traffic , and it 's like a B .
And if you look at the bones of the old dinosaurs , it turns out that there 's a lot of wood there .
So you know that this is a growing bone that has developed .
It 's easy to know .
Now look at this .
In North America , South America and Canada , the North Side of Alexandria , in North Carolina , there is a wind in San Francisco called al - Prince , which is called " La Creek . "
There 's 12 we can see that this is 12 percent of the fossils that have been extinct .
We 're right now .
study these fossils .
My students , and other people , are taking these bones off .
You know , you know the Rover of a dinosaur , and even if you go to the museum and ask them , " Would n't you mind if I want you to look at your dinosaur skull ? "
They would say , " Get me back . "
So , this is 12 dinosaurs .
Let 's see three of these .
And these three are all the celebrities .
And you all know that there are two relationships between them .
And people assume that they 're <unk> or so on .
But it never occurred to me that it could be more than that .
In other words , people see the differences between them .
But if you want to make a difference between two people , you do n't have to see how different they are .
They 're looking for their common goals .
Now people just notice these three dinosaurs .
There 's a couple of little tidbits on Wall Street , and there are a lot of bumps .
The second one -- the <unk> and the groom in the same time , has got a vacuum tubes .
There 's a very small amount of nose on it .
And the third one is called the Personal Way , and it 's called " The Eagle Nebula . "
Because it 's written with the " Window . "
It 's very similar to it , and it 's upright , the nose on its nose , but it does n't have feathers .
No one has noticed this three - legged nose on these three dinosaurs .
And they immediately came out and said , " This is the three different dinosaurs that should be the most primitive one .
And it should be more primitive . "
And I did n't understand what they looked like ?
And if it comes from the skull , it 's kind of like the size of the light .
The smallest number of second is the biggest number of stars .
Is n't that supposed to be inspired by us ?
But they did n't find them .
We know why .
Because scientists love names .
So , if we cut those pieces , the windows -- I put my legs up -- you know , I 'm going to take it off . It 's very high .
That means that it 's a long - term dinosaurs , and it 's very fast .
It 's going to be massive .
And if you cut the hundreds of pieces of blood vessels , you see it 's the same .
It 's a little bit smaller . It 's grown up .
Very quick .
And the most interesting thing is that it 's a very , very fast way of looking at it .
And the rest of the day is that it 's going to be a little more likely to think about it , and it 's going to be a little smaller , and it 's getting smaller and smaller .
And we 're going to move the bee on the top , and it 's a very heavy and refreshing flower that 's spreading .
So , it turns out that light from the three dinosaurs , as a scientist , is very easy to do this : this is the same creature .
And the yogis had to say that they were extinct .
Okay .
Now we have about 10 dinosaurs now .
I studied with a colleague in Berkeley .
We found that in 2,000 years -- I think it was in the 19th century , but in 2000 , it never occurred to be a long time ago .
There are almost every museum in the world , and there 's a hereditary creature that does n't have a <unk> .
We all know why , right ?
Because people want big .
So this is a big one .
And I was walking across my colleague and I found a lot of these <unk> .
They all fit around .
So now we have a set of newcomers in our museum .
You know , it 's because I have a little museum .
Simple museum is a little dinosaur .
Take a look at the bee , and you can see it 's changing , in " optical dimension . "
In the midst of the EPA , they grow up to the point of switched on .
But when they grow up , they become turning backwards .
Is n't that cool ?
So let 's look at Yoyo 's Hill , and there are a lot of little hairs on the edge of the river that they 're growing in the middle of this hill , which is the equivalent of a vacuum tubes .
My museum has been born with a baby fossils , and I would cut it .
And the upshot of this is that there 's a little barcode inside of it .
The average size of the Red enclosures is the SR71 .
But what 's interesting about it is that the bones of the adult debris is the same .
It 's all about long - term stages .
Very big .
In this case , there 's another kind of dinosaur and a very similar one , and it 's almost more like this called the Eggmobile .
When we cut the door , we found that basking bones was very mature .
But there 's a lot of black hole there .
Everybody said it would n't be a kind of a creature , because it 's more than the same creature .
And the head is crushed .
And I said , " Do you see a little barcode ? "
And they said , " Well , it 's not , but it 's on the head . "
So , my student John Fowler has taken a study for all of our books , and he finally realized that this crushed black hole was coming out of the bee , which was completely open to John Locke .
So , we know that the yogis actually grew up the tube .
And when we give it a name , we tend to get the names of one of the dinosaurs , and it 's going to give up the top one .
So the yogis was so extinct .
And according to the bee , if you look at the news , there 's a lot of news that 's wrong .
And they thought it would be the name of the queen , and it was called " Window . "
Okay , so we can take this approach to the dinosaurs .
For example , the windows and the Big Way Galaxy .
<unk>
It 's a very large number of stars .
They 're just one of these .
In the same way , we 'll start with them .
And Leibniz , the analysis of analysis is to tell us that the old age of childhood is the dinosaurs , or the death of the calf , and the female is a female - based language .
" Free " is extinct .
So we can keep doing this constantly .
The last thing I 'm going to talk about is the Rover wheel .
Now , we have two of these dinosaurs , and we have lots of hotels and sharks .
Now we have an engineering model .
But their reasons are pretty strong .
They said , " That 's 17 watts , the size of a 17 - year - old .
How could this possibly be the same one ? We do n't know what dinosaurs is .
So they must be two different dinosaurs .
So I cut them all .
And it turns out that the same thing that I wanted to do with me was the death of the childhood rex , and it was a little bit of a piece of childhood .
It would be grown up .
And I 've got a couple of miles in my job , and I have a chance to cut them all , so I have a chance to cut them .
But I find that I do n't have to do it because I 'm just simply going to give them a little bit of a calculation , and the biggest one is 12 pounds of 13 , there 's 14 to 30,000 pounds .
Of course , the death row , of course , was 17 .
And then we went into the other museum and looked at the Los Angeles record and found that there was a 15 billion .
And the next thing is that it 's a little bit easier at the end of the Los Angeles , and it turns out that there is a lot of breakup of it that we can get out of a dinosaur .
So at the end of the night , we had seven dinosaurs .
Here 's the number .
It sounds better .
You know , the theme of my talk is probably not a attractive theme .
They like their dinosaurs . They like them .
This is what it looks like .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/joshua_walters_on_being_just_crazy_enough.html
And the saddest thing about Wall Street was taken on the stage in the early East Side of a historic era , and when he was working with his mortgage and his wonderful comment , Mr. Heifetz , George Bush and the other other world .
comedy , global issues , morality , performance , politics
<unk>
♫ Sobule : A guy with a man 's nest .
Chris Anderson : That 's the voice .
I do n't know how you thought Chris , I really did n't know .
So , the whole week , he 's a good one . He 's got you to do it for people , " Chris , I 'm really really embarrassed to you .
And even worse , I took the car off .
And your house is so happy .
And yours and your best friends get better . "
You know , Chris said , " Thank you . "
" Thank you so much for sharing . "
" Thank you so much I did n't know , thank you . "
One of the favorites of TED , Thank you very much .
And the thing that 's going on in TED is , slowly , as long as the time goes , all the blogs are saying , " All the speakers say .
♫ Sobule : I used to take 10 minutes on this .
On the spectrum , it 's another aspect .
Kyoto universe .
So this morning I thought , " Okay , I 'm going to do a magic trick . "
This was also used .
Today today , I think we all agree about this , right ?
Hundreds ? Absolutely .
I 'd like to end with a dance game .
So , this is a very deep sea .
So , what I 'd like to do is , for example , I 'm going to show you a little bit about the first TED conference , and I want to have the first TED ticket .
And if I can start , this is an aerial oscilloscope .
Who 's in a thousand dollars ? Anybody ?
Thank you . Just look at the cockroach . ♫ Sweeney : Oh , he said , " Do n't tell me , do n't do it , really .
Do n't do it , do n't you ? "
When I got invited , I was worried about that , they were talking about one , and they said , " You can use 15 minutes to change the world in the stage and change your world .
I do n't know how you 're , I 've got 15 minutes .
So , the idea of changing the world is that it 's a really bad idea .
And because we 've got consciousness , we do n't have to change it . We just looked at a gorgeous demo , and we just saw a magic demo about radio power , which is fascinating .
If you were 300 years ago he 'd been arrested .
But it 's a idea .
This is incredible . It 's amazing .
But you 'll also meet more amazing characters , some of the world 's characters .
In yesterday , David -- another one of the people I talked about .
But when you go to see the world , it allows Starbucks to be a whole new experience , and you do n't think so ?
I mean , he 's got to go out , and they say , " You want to get a ticket , or you can lose your milk or the milk and a lot of coffee ? "
And he said , " You provide something that 's limitless . "
" Do you have coffee coffee or coffee ? "
And then they said , " Do you mind a happy list ? "
And then this was yesterday , in 2009 , and she was really great .
Fantastic , great .
And her talk is about the chimpanzee of water , and the connection , of course , with Darwin , is that we are all the light , we do n't have the body , but we 're still swimming .
She said , you know , she 's 90 , and she said she does n't get time .
And she was able to find more evidence of this connection .
And I thought , " I 'm sitting next to the Galapagos . "
This guy has been dropping to the North Pole , and how many evidence do you want ?
Here he is .
So TED is so connected to us .
I did n't have a couple of times yesterday , and I do n't really see a designer 's designer , so I 'm sorry .
I 'm really sorry .
I 'm really sorry , really , really .
Really , really .
Global problems need to solve a solution .
And I 'm right about the question of Brown , because the creator , he 's standing there , and he looks like a mosquito - rich bear .
" Hello , I can tell you what happens in the woods ?
Oh , no .
" Sorry , I 'm only 18 minutes to talk about saving the world , saving Earth , global governance .
We 've been working on the climate change , and I 'm just 18 minutes , so I ca n't tell you how much we 've done in the United Kingdom , like we 're doing the same thing in Hong Kong .
We 're at the north coast of North Carolina , and the exciting news is that the only thing that 's going on here is the last week in the United Nations , the tallest wind in the United Nations .
Sorry , I 'm not time to mention these . "
This is what the U.K. is doing .
Girl 5 : No .
" Christian law , Christianity . "
You should not believe , you should n't believe that your neighbors are not supposed to be your neighbors . "
" But I did n't know , as I was 11 years old , never found a problem . "
" Okay , really , really .
Okay , Steve , really .
I can say that , because she 's a beautiful Miss , my wife , with beautiful Heifetz .
And this reminded me , I 'm sure , it 's a letter . "
" I think , you know , what the women 's doing is how happy they are , and I have a lot of fun .
Okay , but it 's not like " Thinking " -- you know , I read him in college , and I said , " Can I get you to support your support ? " And he says , no , you ca n't see it , because I 'd never seen anybody who wrote this -- " I 'm not going to see anybody . "
The other thing that I was talking about in his talk was that the mayor of London was in London , and there was no way to listen to this .
But people , when people talk about this industrial economy , he said , " London in London , we , as government , hope to make the same impact in the whole economy . "
And when you think about what happens , you 'll see what 's going on in the workforce , and you 're thinking , " This is a guy . "
But we 're in a bathroom . We 're at a completely new world .
And I can tell you that if you receive a letter from your bank , you 're not sure you 've got to get a request for the money , whether you have to take money from him , or he needs to take off your money .
I said , right ?
These are the things that are happening , the Air Force bank .
Anybody here know about Iceland ?
Why do you know ? Why is it that somebody 's going to get to the email from Nigeria , right ?
Ask your banks .
And then you know , Iceland , from no to chasing it .
It never happened .
What does it have ? It has a lot of fish .
And this is why the Institute of aviation is going to television , and said , " It 's a very big black line of black lines " "
A lot of the things I 'm trying to do is I try to get things to think about it .
But it 's going to be a summer block .
Fortunately , people like George Bush are very useful .
He came up with this , and he was really , really , in a bathroom .
He said to dinner for dinner , and he said , " Okay ?
" And now it 's still right now . "
And this is , you know , this metaphor allows people to be able to get people to make a choice .
Clearly this metaphor gives Nyota a choice .
And the other guy , of course , is the <unk> , and said , " There 's an academic understanding of what we know about us .
It 's also known as well , and we do n't know what we know about what we do n't know .
And the bad thing about that is that they do n't know what we do . "
To do it for England , when I first heard this , I said , " Yeah . "
But , in fact , it 's actually the title .
So this is what the Fowler world says , the chaos of chaos , which is because , because they do n't know what they 're doing .
In 2006 , Native American workers said , " Well , what he said is that he does n't look at what we see and what 's going on in the U.S.
So this is a very high - wage job .
But , as a matter of crisis , Mr. Heifetz 's big efforts to say , " This is happening every 10,000 years , and it 's over three days . "
So that 's what it 's all about . It 's a very hard one to explain .
But we 've got a new hope , and we have a new character .
America was the Japanese guy in the U.S.
Good news .
It 's not just that , and he 's got to look at ?
How many people do this ?
And as you can see , many of you have a great artist , great designer , big designers , and they 're <unk> .
And every night , someone said to me , you know , what you 've got to learn is that you 're learning not to be able to write a paper with a paper .
And a Monday one is just talking about metaphor .
And I thought , well , it 's a good metaphor , right ? One impossible , but it can write the American president .
Do you like this ? The opposite , you can see George Bush , OK ?
I think maybe the ocean is , right ?
" Well , you know , I 'm sorry .
I just had the right one , but I would have a pizza . "
But , you know , he 's broken , and he does n't have it .
This is eight years of the American history , and I 'm going to take eight minutes , so that 's the way it works .
" It 's a long time .
I also believe it 's an era of time .
I know a lot of people who tell me that this is one of the greatest moments of American history .
But we showed them wrong in Iraq .
They talked about Iraq and construction organizations .
Okay . "
" But I have a sentence to say that the meat is just the people who are burning themselves . "
" We 'll find you . "
" We 're not going to get you right now . "
But now he was leaving , and we had our fortune to see the American history of the United States in America 's best audience , Obama .
You might be successful in retirement .
And he 's talking to the people in Chicago , and he said , " Well , if there are people there , there 's a place where there is a lot of everything . "
I ca n't be finished , and I 'm really sure .
But you know what I mean .
And he went down and climbed the baton , and they broke the other , they put it up and then exited .
And George Bush sat in that , " The opposite . "
" Not so easy ? Is n't it ? "
But what 's interesting about this is that the Fowler designer is talking about it , and it says that people will play the speech , they say , " Great speech . "
And then they 'll play the Red Brigades , and they said , " Let 's march up . "
We all want to believe Obama .
It 's like " The Lord of Pearl " .
Remember the movie with Rupert Murdoch and Jack Wright , and when Jill Sobule says , " How do you see me ? "
And Jack Henry , " You get me thinking a better person . "
You want a chance to attract you , challenge you to become a better citizen , right ?
But there was a couple of things .
We like to talk about Obama Obama , but we do n't have any action .
So he came to this country and said , " We need a fiscal stimulus .
And all of us said , " Okay ! " He was leaving this country and France and Germany , and he said " No , no , not , forget , never . "
He said , " We need more support Afghanistan . "
And everyone said , " Okay good . "
And he left , and people said , " No , no , not , we never do this .
It 's about 5,000 most important , not rocket , no , do n't do it . "
He came to the airport , and he said , " We believe that a liberal world . "
It 's very , very nice to be a American president , and it 's a great thing to do .
Do you remember ? George Bush , " no sterile . "
Sorry , what ? " less sterile "
You can say , " Do n't you say ? "
Thank you .
But Barack Obama said , " We need a free free world . "
In this day , it was time to be tested , and he was going to test it in Japan . And then in it it landed .
So , let 's recruit out ? We have Bill Clinton .
Global everywhere .
" I believe , I 'm convinced that the Japanese Rovers said the president of the President . "
" Gimme , Dick . "
" She said , " She said .
" Anybody . "
" Make a better world , if you can .
I just wanted it to be important .
I 'm very hopeful about Hillary to be in the White House , so she wo n't be in the 4 years .
I know , you know . "
" So , when this does n't work , I 've got to do this with a black box , let me tell you . "
So this is his . It 's in England , we 've got John Doerr . The environment is very important , and we can do it .
My wife started screaming me , and I kept thinking about the transport industry . "
Or , here 's South Africa , and we 've got Mandela as guides .
Mandela , sadly , angry .
He 's now a statue .
And he was at the top of the highest suicide ward in Britain , and a piece of the top .
" Well , John , you want a beautiful piece ? "
" Henry , listen to my Prime Minister . "
" I was in jail for 30 years in a house that was spent on a Panzi boat .
Why am I going to be a celebrity ? "
Every minute : I do n't know how to end the speech until yesterday , a quote from the word " Battle of Japanese " -- saying , " It 's not a good thing to do , because it does n't make a nice thing .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/steven_strogatz_on_sync.html
In this amazing talk , architects have a very unusual job to share with her company 's company , which is an unusual house , and the wall is the kind of breakup of the tail -- and they put the T - eye on a blade of music , and they put the T - eye on the side of a matter of passion to the passion of their passion , right ?
architecture , art , arts , design , theater
<unk>
And Emeka is playing on architecture .
In addition to the anti - Saharan - Prince , and some of the things that are going to be used in space , the building is just a piece of choice and your sensory senses .
Our profession is cross - level , and this career contains all the scales and size .
It 's broken . It 's a prank .
Or from the city and the groom , all the stuff .
These work has a common common mind , which is the challenge of a traditional view of space .
These are our habits , which are very obvious to how we ignore their similarity .
And I collected a design prototype , and they had a particular effect , super - correctness .
Like nothing , or almost no .
In our natural world , we 're dealing with all kinds of cycles and influence .
This is an appointment in 1995 , where we had a legendary consultant in San Francisco Bay .
And what we 're doing is not just the background , but a fundamental kind of wood .
We need to build a center of the atmosphere .
So , do n't have the wall , there 's no roads , no purpose , it 's just a cabal , a large fraction of the pile .
The suggestion of this proposition is connectivity , and in the recent world technology , we 're looking at the power and the energy energy to do a very good visual coating .
The players have become a mainstream .
We proposed the streets , we can use technology , high technology . Let 's have a lot of trust , and the challenge of challenge is the space of a challenge and a candy system , which makes us a little bit of free .
So that 's what we 're doing .
In the fertilizer sector , the wind is shaped by a blade of mouth , and it 's an aerial form of dengue .
It 's going to read temperature , sailing , wind and wind , and the change , the transformation of the data , can solve the amount of data to measure the water 's level of resistance .
This system has a weather training .
So this is not just architecture ; it 's a whole building .
It 's about 300 feet , and it 's just in the dark corner .
These are all kinds of beans , and systems like this , as a product of a computer - based process , a weather - generating manufacturing system .
Do n't know why . We 're interested in weather .
Now , let 's show you the scene of the field , and then from the front line , you can go to the outside realm of space .
It 's different from normal space , and it 's just like a place where you can live in places like this .
It 's invisible , it does n't work , but it 's not a level of control , no more weight .
Apart all the elements , it 's just one light of light and white noise .
It 's just like a celebrity station where you do n't really see anything .
And we were very proud -- this is another world of all the world 's game .
So , slowly , the focus of this focus is going to focus on the building of space , all the way down into the process , because it 's a continuous arrangement of progress .
So this is the way that the Victorian Victorian dream uses .
This is going to be the focus of the world , and all the people in the world .
You know , you 're always looking at the water , but in fact , it 's actually going to look at water from the cables .
So the water coating is filled with the whole world , and people think that we can walk here and breathe you as well as you can .
So this is an application , but we should get into understanding .
And what we really wanted to do is depend on the emotional senses , and it 's sensitive to sensory frequencies .
We do this project very easily , because the reason is , " Why are we going to use 1,000 dollars to make a thousand dollars ?
We 're trying to figure out the answer -- and try to convince them .
Eventually , you know , this is going to be a symbol of a country . We represent the Swiss Adam , and you realize it 's a different kind of machine .
Anyway , it 's just an end - end structure , and it is just a kind of recursive process , but it still has a high - speed .
This is our tallest cousin , the Swiss architects -- a chocolate .
Anyway , we 've tried to do it .
Eight , in the 1990s , we all know about independent work , as the artist , artists , architects and welfare .
We 've done a lot of media work , and there are lots of glossies projects .
In 2003 , in the 19th century , we went back to our work , and there are lots of people from the ' 80s .
And yet , looking at the nature of physics , and it 's not a prestige job .
Now , this is a part of the U.S. trade .
This is the " Buy " park .
This is " The Vagina Monologues " and " Dry . "
Now there 's a series of projects in New York City , a place called " Predators . "
And there is a lot of these projects .
And regardless of what they 're doing , they provide the whole Rover show , but you know that the problem is , we do n't like it .
It 's kind of like the invention of a museum , and it 's a theory of what 's going on in a form of time .
Our work is not really close to this .
And this theme , in fact , is a little bit of an anti - museum of the museum , and the practice of a museum is white , like the wall is white .
So , what you see in this picture is that a lot of our devices have been manipulated .
We actually need to put these different pieces in the white wall .
But these cables become a weapon and target .
We put this project into 13 pieces , and we put the sound and the visual waves .
And you can see , in fact , red blue line shows the same elements , creating a new piece of paper , and we use a whole kind of robot belt around the wall of the museum .
This is a rig that goes down to a robot arm .
We use bee robots , which is the brain .
The bee robot 's designer is a really interesting story to work with them .
They do n't do their first job , and they stop the government for their job .
In any circumstances , it should be a position based on the wall of intelligence .
So , completely open to 300 .
It 's a three - dimensional model .
Using the pedal , it 's going to be accurate and down , and it starts to get out of a blade of wood .
Originally these holes are just white walls , but when the camera 's going on the wall .
The two surfaces connect with the wall of the open - source view .
These holes are open up the wall .
And this is the result of three months and more unstable .
The hearing was damaged .
The visual parts are there .
And it 's going to be very , very annoying .
This is a little blue video that has been completely useless .
Compare it to a very neutral situation , which is a lot of a lot of eye - based traffic .
And this grid and persistence of the visual harmony is very fragile , including the back of natural nature .
It starts to break the curiosity . It really is great .
Let 's see a project we did a year ago .
This is the contemporary World Trade Center in Boston , where it 's in Hong Kong .
We do n't have a lot of time to come to describe this building , but I say it 's a very good building on the bottom of the building . It 's the Boston Map , which is the interior of a museum .
So , the natural properties of the building is to look at how the basic goal . The project and architecture is .
This building goes into the environment , but it shrunk a lot of detail , and the details came to the museum .
So , you go into the basics of the cranial hemisphere , and then after half the top , the space is closed . The visual is cut .
You enter the glass trail around the bridge .
This signaled the wind in New York City .
And then the visual starts to fly , and then you get into the San Francisco , the theater is going to be able to do it or throw it into a context .
A lot of musicians choose to put this facility out of this facility .
On the bottom of the diagram , the natural light that we see in the field is then converted into the vertical axis .
And this space of space , unfortunately , has never been done yet . The first design was just a little bit cooler .
In a very conversational space , it 's going to go to the east and the West Coast , and it really does n't take the recipe to connect the manure , but let 's move the visual interface to change your movement .
Because the head moves and the mayor said , " No , we just opened it up . "
designers are announcing here .
But 95 percent -- that 's why I put it in the conversation , and it 's the tip of the building .
This is a 80 foot long -- it 's extremely tenacious .
It 's a lot of space that 's been adopted enough , and this little sliver is called " Adorable . "
There 's something like 16 people standing into the public to go to the server and see the digital art or the fashion output .
This is a very important part of the building , and it 's a little bit like a kind of technology that 's not just technology , architecture is just a framework , it can only edit the speed of San Francisco , through the wall and the ceiling , the floor , which is going to be a piece of electrons , or the trajectory of a wall .
This is really , really great , and this is a great technology of technology that is natural .
But there 's no information , it 's just the only state .
We looked at the tooling .
This is the first engineer , 50 years ago .
We 're taking away from some of these small forces to shield and device .
But we do n't really have a passion .
This is what happens in 2010 .
And the purpose of this talk , I hope , is that part of the project , even though it 's a little bit of a building with a kind of construction station , and it has the impact of our lives , dengue fever .
This is a joke from Joan Kennedy , which is on the bottom , and there 's a barcode underneath the street .
In this case , it 's the first time that we 're going to try and reconstruct , we start branching out .
We 'll ask ourselves , why do n't we shrink it a little bit ? Like Humpty - Y or anything else ?
One thing that we were asked to be asked is that the main architecture of the street is added to the public , and let it put it in visual surfaces .
And this is a map of nature .
We basically basically flew into architecture and architecture , and in this bizarre space of space , the three - dimensional space is made up of three and a half feet , which is about 45 feet -- and it 's going to be a little bit of a letdown .
Compare to the photos and the groom .
Wait for a minute , this is just one of the things that we have , and we 've got a lot of fun to do .
But what I 'd like to do is spend a few seconds to talk about <unk> itself , and we 've got a lot of time on it .
This is a remote island .
The customer asked us to design a very top site .
Now , design is a very , very easy way to go to the table .
And it 's going to be the same and the size of the small , and they asked us to connect all the parts of it .
How do you make a difference ?
Behavioral touch is what we call different things .
It means pearls and visual intimacy .
One is , you know , the transportation station is often coming out of the lobby .
And we have to change the shape of the lobby .
It 's like a leader , and it 's basically sending all kinds of voices , like an operator .
The surface of the wall is absorbing the raw material , and the half - footer are not going to get the sound of a verb .
This is the DARPA bike , but the notion of beans , the visual divination , is very , very important , to get rid of the visual composition .
Because we ca n't go back to the back of the building to 18 inches .
So it 's very , very thin .
First of all , we have a box of box , and we use it to stop the noise of the subway .
And then you put the whole room up -- like the guy on the keyboard -- with some materials , and the basic materials are made up of all the walls -- the brain is going to show the mass of the quality .
But Steve Kelly will look at the sound of the car and go back to the stage , and this is a ring .
Look at the top of the room , just the tip of the stage .
It 's just taking all sorts of things , and it involves -- you can imagine anything that 's going to be on high - performing shells .
But there is a function .
So we 're embarking on all of the visual culprits , all kinds of things , any influence of intimacy , and we need to put architecture , the audience and the website , with a kind of loop , a piece of light .
We believe that the theaters of the streets in the parks to take care of them and the electronic concerts .
So we 'd like to make these -- this is the effect , and we have the continuity of stars .
We need to use resin , very high - fall pieces of rock , like the wood of the grass , and the links between the hull , the connections that are going to be on the light , as a ring , rather than a rudder , but it 's not just a stage with the audience .
This is a model of a spacecraft called a whole scale .
This is a boy from Mali , and this is what they look like .
And for us , I think it 's really weird stuff , but you hear the moment in the Bronx , and when the audience is sitting on the right side of the board , it looks like a very , very similar time to play the role of performance , feeling a lot like this , to get the attention to the audience .
This is the building industry .
And because I got up , it was my end .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/atul_gawande_how_do_we_heal_medicine.html
Researchers have shown us how to take us three and a half kilometers of land in particular places in a particular place , and it creates a compelling sense of transcendence .
architecture , environment , science , technology
<unk>
Kary Mullis celebrates water on how to produce water
About 17 years ago , I was flashing in the air of Delhi .
My doctor told me that I had lost the 70 percent of the year , and it would be alive .
In the United States , in India , the U.S. Energy Institute has been working on this NASA Institute for NASA University , and the US energy Institute of India -- and we 've found three basic mysteries in the NASA Ocean , where we see that there are three major layers of the water that we can produce .
We also found that we could reduce the building in the demand of the ocean , and it 's going to continue to keep the heat apart .
And these three plants are : <unk> , rice and silver loop .
There 's a slide on the slide .
Carbon dioxide is a absorbs carbon dioxide , and it transforms it into oxygen .
We need to take a long time per time , and we do it in the plants of plants , where we have to wipe out the leaves , we need dengue fever every day , the air is going to be a little bit more than a week .
We 've got to use the cores , and they 're going to be the same way , or the way that the water goes down and down , but the water is going to be the four months to get the plants out of the plant to the wind .
The second plant is <unk> , and it 's a common crop , which we call it the <unk> plant , because it will convert CO2 to oxygen .
We need six to six million and a half million people .
The third plant is a very common crop , and it 's an extremely common plant for water feeding .
And this plants can absorb light and everything else .
There are these three plants that you can produce .
In fact , you can even live in a bottle of bottle , and you 're also not going to do it . You do n't need any water .
We took these plants in Delhi , where we tried to experiment on the jungle offices , and that was a five - five foot , 20 years old .
There are 300 million people in architecture , and put it down there .
Our research found out if one person in this building is about 10 hours in the building , his blood density has a chance to reduce the probability of a cup , and if a group of people have been on this facility , he 's a little bit of blood vessels at the top of that building . If a man 's blood pressure is going to take 10,000 hours , it 's got to get a look at a high - level increase in a piece of time .
It has been discovered and documented that this was the most healthy building in New Delhi .
And studies show up to the other building of other architecture , where the people in the field are reduced to 280 percent of the population , and the whole group of people who reduce the sterile match , loses the problem , reducing the <unk> , the lungs reduce less and less .
And this was published in September 2008 , and I was able to download it from the site .
And according to our experience , using these plants , we get 20 percent of the richest improvement in the plant , and it has to get a lot of tolerance for 20 percent .
The capability of the building is to get down to 15 percent , because no longer need to be a lot of water from the inside .
We 're now taking this model of a 100 million square - foot building , and it 's going to put in six million plants .
Why does this study ?
It has a big meaning in nature , because it 's in the decade of the future , the world needs 30 percent faster .
Currently , 40 percent of the world 's energy is bedrock , and the global energy in 40 , 60 years in the future is going to live over a population of millions of urban cities , the next 15 years , 30 years and 60 percent , 80 years -- 60 million years of cities will live in population density .
And there are more people who want to live in the air and work .
It 's the world of the World Trade Organization , and this is what it is .
Thank you very much for listening .
http://www.ted.com/talks/al_gore_on_averting_climate_crisis.html
The U.S. Cesar Film Festival talks about political and diplomatic policy to lead women to the center of the woman 's center , and she said , " Well , women are not a really difficult issue , it 's always the most difficult question , but it is a very interesting question . She 's going to talk a little bit more interesting .
<unk> , business , sports
<unk>
Marco Tempest : A female defense
Christopher Mitchell Joachim : What 's the story of this ?
Christopher Goldstein : It 's a sin of fun to break the wall
Man : Oh .
And I 'd like to say that it 's a prestige trick , and you get a choice of choice .
PH : Most of the time on Wall Street , I used to think about what this day was going to happen .
And if you 're not talking about controversy about Saddam Hussein , the story is not a story .
I 'll tell you what happened .
I was doing American American USA . That was after Santa Barbara . I went to Hamas .
It 's been transformed by a series of stars , and my instructions to tell the truth about Saddam Hussein , which is his -- because he invaded the other country .
So suddenly , in Baghdad , there was a couple of hundred shots of what I call a lot of things , but it wrote a great chicken .
So I had a blade of legs .
When we talk about Iraq , I took it .
And when I came up and met the media , their focus was " Why would you wear a stick ? "
I said , " Because Saddam Hussein brings me to a gorgeous snake . "
And I thought , well , it 's fun .
And I went out and bought a lot of Legos , and actually , these were actually mapping the footprints of my day .
And all of this is the dawn of <unk> .
Narrator : Now , how many of you have collected ?
PH : It 's very much .
Now we 're going to do it everywhere .
It 's right now , but it 's been in the Bronx department .
There 's a book called " Find my Eagle Song . "
Announcer : It 's a great idea .
And I remember to do it for the first woman in America , and a lot of people who are blogging , you know , your image is , in many women , especially when they 're supposed to work on their first female .
So what you 're thinking about all of these things ? Man : Well , really , it really is very boring because there 's nobody who 's ever described a male charge of a man 's liberation . "
But people are focused on me .
What 's interesting about this is I went to New York City National Soleil , and I said , " You 've got to give up your <unk> .
Went to shopping , and look like a blend . "
So this led me a lot of opportunities to travel .
But there 's a whole bunch of questions about what I wear ? How long is my dress ?
One thing is , if you remember Santa Barbara was sent to San Francisco , she was covered with the <unk> , and she had been criticized by Francis Minister .
None men would be accused of pity , but for women .
Narrator : For all of us , women and men , we 're going to find the way we have our own approach , to change the future of the world , to change the future of our future and adapt .
How do you do this kind of balance to this balance that is going to be powerful and to represent the powerful voices of the world , and how can you think about yourself as a mom , a grandmother , " What 's the role of your mom ? "
How do you do it ?
Narrator : Okay . What 's interesting about me is that I was asked when I 'm appointed the first American woman and did n't have a few minutes later , and I would do it first for American women ?
I said , " I have six years of a woman , but I just had a couple minutes for a few minutes . "
So it 's happening .
But basically I love as a woman .
And what happened was that I think maybe some of you would say this in the audience -- I 've been given the first meeting of the United Nations , and when it 's completely beginning , because the U.N. is a very fancy organization .
I sit there -- 15 members of a 14-year - olds sitting there looking at me , and I think -- okay , you know what we normally feel .
You want to look at the atmosphere of the room , and you want me to go like me .
Can I say something smart ?
And suddenly I thought , hey , wait a minute .
And I 'm sitting as a symbol of " American " and if I do n't talk about it today , America wo n't be heard . This is the first time I felt that I had to be able to do my personal identity , frankly , a feminine form of women .
And then , in a different way , I really think that there is a lot of work in a woman as a female form .
We 're doing a very good job of relationships , and then our ability to get more of it .
But I had to tell you , I 'm the tiniest kid , who was the last seven years , and I said , " What 's a big deal with her daughter ? "
They might be a girl .
Narrator : It was so true to her .
PH : It 's a big change .
Now , you 're all running around the world , and what do you do , how are you going to look at this story about women and girls ?
What 's our status ?
JA : We 're constantly changing , but obviously in some countries , nothing has changed .
So , this means that we have to remember that even though we 've got a lot of opportunities in the world , the chance is that it 's a real leader , and you 've already been a leader in your field , but there are lots of women who do n't want to worry about their own feedback and engage and understand .
So I felt -- I 've seen this in the national security problem , and I decided that the question of women was that women were the U.S. Corporation of America , not just because I was a skeptic 's name , but I believe that it would be more better than the women and the economy , which is the power of the woman to change the political and economic revolution , the same value that is going to improve the politics .
So I think it 's worth what we 're trying to work on -- we live in different countries , and we have the economy and the politics , we need to help other women .
I really was really overwhelmed to work in the United Nations and then subsequently doing this work .
Narrator : Did you feel it 's a key marriage to make women ?
PH : For some people .
And I wanted to think that it was a problem for a " Forever . "
And I decided that the bottom issue of women is the most difficult issue , because the problem is that there 's a lot of these questions that I 've been talking about , and , as I said , it was really the center of our thinking .
For example , when I was in the workforce , some war , many war , women were major victims .
For example , I work on some War , some war .
In the women , women were rape .
And then we tried to build a <unk> priest to really resolve it .
By the way , I 'd been working on the U.N. to work in the U.N.
There are 192 countries right now .
But it was the first time I did a good job for cooking .
And I said to my grandmother , " Please invite other women to do it . "
I 'd like to get a lot of women in my room .
And I went there , and I had just six other women in the same way .
This is the state of a country called Canada , where the Thames , the Philippines , and the third , <unk> and I represented the U.S.
So as American represents , I decided to organize a conference .
We set it up , we put it on the meeting .
Announcer : That means seven girls ?
Narrator : We preach women to women .
We decided to put two women in this dictionary .
And what happened next is that they could announce rape is a war weapons , and it uses humanity .
Narrator : So as you 're looking at the global world , in many cases -- especially in the Western world -- women are hiring more leaders , and even other people are being beaten , but there 's a lot of violence and many problems -- but still , we 're still going to hear more of these women .
You 've been told that , you know , a woman who does n't have women , maybe you -- maybe a voice or another one .
Do you believe that if you tell us why it 's a big change in such things like violence , conflict and conflict ?
Narrator : Well , I really think that when more women are involved , they change the conversation of speech , and the goal has changed .
But it does n't mean that a lot of the world is going to be good for a woman 's world .
And if you think that , you 've forgotten about high school .
But the bottom line is that there are more women , and it 's a way of trying to make a difference .
For example , when I was doing what I did , we hosted a couple of women and the women to talk a little bit about the problem of Rwanda .
So I think that the capacity of women is to put their best selves , and we have a lot more compassion .
And this is something that happens at the same time , and if other women and you go to it .
When I was arrested , there was only other women who were 13 women .
So when we see it , it 's great .
For example , the president of Finland in Finland , Joshua Sobule , but she was a member of local Zambia , and it was also the birthplace of a priesthood .
This is really incredible .
Because I want you to understand something .
We went to a meeting , and we had a checklist in which I said , " Okay , I feel like we should be a little bit of a thing and " Hey , what would you do ? "
Then the scrotum sat down to me .
And suddenly we all talk about using control , and she said , " Well , I feel that we should do this . "
My men had a little bit of a sudden .
But I think that it really helps some of the most important women involved in a series of camps .
The other thing that I think is important is : a lot of national policy policy , not just about the financial sector , the military budget , and how the military budgets are .
So if there 's a woman who 's been involved in a different set of components , they can implement it in their own national budget decision .
PH : So what should we do about this ?
Are there more women ' voices on Wall Street ?
Do many men think that this person is best for ?
Narrator : Okay , so I believe one thing : I 'm a member of the National Society Society , and it 's dedicated to helping women .
And I think we need to help the other countries train women to take care of their hands , helping them to see how they can play their politics .
I think we need to support that we have to make sure that women can help each other .
Now I 'd like to say that I 'm very powerful , because I 've got a older age when I first started my career , believe me , and some other women , I said , " Why are you going to go through the wall ? "
" Do n't you get your kids wrong ? "
And I think we usually make a difference .
In fact , I think " guilty " is the middle of the woman .
So what I think is that we need to help .
There 's a woman who 's leaving the courage to do no help .
Interviewer : Okay , Steve Jurvetson , I guess you 're going to be heaven .
Thank you very much for us today .
Man : Thank you very much . ♫ Sweeney : Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/joshua_walters_on_being_just_crazy_enough.html
Human beings have been struggling with non - conflict and poverty struggle , but today , it 's going to be now speeding up . ♫ ♫ Sobule : Take a promotion for the Nazi , you know , share the people in the workforce , show the poor people to end the end .
activism , global issues , morality , poverty
<unk>
JA : There 's good news about poverty .
Chris Anderson : So , Chris Anderson asked me if I 'm going to have the last 25 minutes of adjustment in the past 10 minutes .
This is a U.K. of England asking a long story .
And I said , " Oh , Chris , it 's a miracle . "
And he said , " Do n't you think it 's a good chance to show you what you 're looking for ? "
So -- good !
And then I thought , let 's go through the Houston ward , more than 25 years .
So let 's go back to the beginning of Cape Town earlier , when I was born at the first hotel hotel , and that human race was facing the poor and unequal struggle .
And a few years ago , human civilization is a bit of the genocide , and some of these people , who are <unk> , they shake the smell and I think , " You know , I 'm going to sit on the wall of a wall . ♫ Sweeney : Let 's talk to you . "
The Pharaoh said , " Oh -- no !
You , of course , guys , are in joke . "
And they said , " No ! Do n't you ! You see , our Bible is so saying . "
Now we go back to our century , and the same pyramid , the different people are spreading all the way to equal ideas .
This is a book called Rush Grab .
The people brought up on the Square board in Darfur .
Combine virtual social networks into real action , like the 21st century .
Do n't say we underestimate the chaos of the Arab Corporation and the nectar , and it does n't have to say that we manipulated technology in the role of a role , but it shows us a little bit -- when the old pyramid is going to take us to the top , then the next side of our ancient pyramid has brought us off the street .
And it also tells us that it 's such a powerful thing to do with innovation and media , because the truth is that they do n't have an incentive to revise , but when they 're not attacked , they will be free , and even the poorest people , the most poor , that we 're going to be able to adjust control of the best generation of poverty , which is very , very poor -- and that 's what 's going on . It 's a very good time to tell us , " What 's
So I thought , forget about the flashing rock , forgotten , and I forgot the balloons of my toes .
Today , we 're just looking at it , and I 'm just like this one , a piece of wood .
Now I 'm not a rock dancer .
It 's a realization based on academic evidence , and the truth movement .
Because the truth told us is that it 's a very slow journey , and the long iteration of the human race is really slow down .
Look at our work .
Look at this picture .
And since 2000 , the world has more than 300,000 people in this world , and the health care industry has been treated against the potency of resistance .
With malaria : 8,000 countries in sub - Saharan Africa , 75 percent of death rate .
Five percent of death in the children 's death row every year .
This is a typical child that 's been saved every day .
Whoa ! Wow !
Let 's take a step back , and let me tell you a little bit about that .
Do n't you have any news to read any headlines in the last week , and it 's important to get rid of this numbers ? Wow !
It 's a great good news . But let me recline , which most people do n't know .
One day , 60 children . Here are two .
And this is Michael Pollan and the Jill , and they 've lived , in a lot of different ways , but she 's really great ! There 's all the global Foundation -- and you 've all been inspired by that .
Global Foundation is offering anti - Saharan doses of drugs that can stop the disease of the mother .
And this amazing thing is not happening .
It 's the result of the movement , the purpose of innovation .
And the good news is that it 's more good than the history of history .
The amount of people who lived in the Houston room were poor people , and the population of the world was down from 1990 to 1999 to 21 years to 2010 , 21 percent .
Come on .
Get half !
Now , the ratio is still down , and there are still a lot of people who lose life .
We have a lot of work to do .
But that 's what 's exciting about this .
If you 're going to survive , if you live on the average one day , it 's not just the data , that 's not just data .
It 's your life .
If you 're a parent , if you want your kids to have the best things -- as I 've screwed up , it 's going to be the struggle of despair .
Think about , if this boat goes down -- and look , these are the people who live in the middle of the day to 2030 .
Impossible ? Maybe is it possible ?
And this is what data tells us . If we go to this path , we 'll get -- wow ! Zero areas .
And for people like us , this is called the Styrofoam zone , and now , you know , the data is going to make me radio .
So in our models , very poor poverty , is defined by the definition of the next day , and of course it 's a mistake of hope in 1990 .
We certainly love good capacity .
Nice .
Now , I know some of you who think this is just going to happen in Asia or in Latin or NASA , or the model of Brazil -- who does n't like Brazil ? But look at sub - Saharan Africa .
There 's a series of hundred countries , and somebody 's called the telegraph , which is the last 10 years of debt , three times a decade -- and they 're growing 10 times more than that , but it 's going to be the equivalent of 10 to a third of the rest of it , so that the local , the wealth is reduced to the next 25 years , it will be a very good job to get the resources to go and reduce it . It 's very , very poor .
So , these are the revelations of this notion .
There 's all sorts of good things .
First of all , you do n't have to listen to a happy girl , and it 's me .
Which way ?
That 's 2010 , 2030 ? Very quickly .
I mean , it 's about a three - minute band of frontal Symphony .
I hope . I 'm hopeful .
So we looked at the young .
So why are n't we excited about it ?
Well , opportunities and crisis .
We ca n't do this , unless we think we can do it .
Look at this graph .
This is called agile , which is how we beat it .
And the next thing is pretty beautiful .
It 's called the basket .
It 's how we go to the history of history , and it 's just the only thing that we know about the effective thing .
So it 's not going to be anti - compliance .
And of course , it 's a crisis , and you 've got to take care of it , crisis is crisis .
And we realized that there was a lot of time , and it was difficult time .
In fact , the capital of your country today , is that it 's difficult time , and the people who are trying to cut the plans of life in the world like this .
But you can do it .
You can tell the people that the politicians would n't have a lot of money .
Today , in the Exxon Valdez industry , what 's happening here is that the oil company is trying to carry oil absorbent from the developing world , and they 're going to take the government to avoid their behavior .
And you can do this .
You can join an international coalition for AIDS , to join with leaders like snoring .
We 're crocheting a legislation , and in order to make sure that the wind is going to eventually end up in the upper hands of the land .
Now , we know that in all diseases , not disease , but corruption .
But it also has a vaccine to prevent .
It 's called the Personal Genome Project , and this is the TED community .
And in the daylight , it 's just like this .
And technology really is really close to it .
It 's more difficult to hide these things .
So let me show you a little bit about Madison Page , which is really exciting to me , and it 's made by 15 million by the young people in Uganda that are used with a letter cell phone network to say that the tragedy of the government is going to be about the terrorist content and the spending .
This is an exciting thing .
See , once you have these tools , you ca n't do it .
And when you have these knowledge , you ca n't forget .
You ca n't underestimate your head , but you can break those of the history of history and poverty , poor people who ca n't control their lives .
You can violate these , you can really , because it 's not really true .
This is a revelation .
2030 ? Back in 2030 , the robots are not just projecting up to us , but we can eat .
At the time , the world 's not grown up to the regime , and maybe we 'll be able to go ...
So today I 'm going to be here , and I want to say that we 're here to try to figure out what 's going on in this beautiful set of data , which we call it the right bias .
It does n't stop you .
In fact , it saves a lot of lives .
And I think we 're going to take a long time sport , and I want you to do it , spreading it and share it , get it out .
And by doing that , you will join us and have a lot of other people who believe that I believe it 's the biggest asset in the history of history , and this travel is not so much .
Can we be a great generation of liberation ?
Hopefully we used to beat it , the science , it 's rational , is the truth , and I say , emotionally .
Because , for example , the truth moves .
I 'm thinking Murray Gell - Mann .
You know , some of you know that he 's a member of a group called the DARPA Tower in Cairo .
He was shattered in jail , but he was obsessed with his mind .
" We won the wins because we do n't know politics .
We won the wins because we do n't have it .
We won the wins because we do n't have the agenda .
We lose winning because we 're looking at what we 're looking at .
We won it , because we have dreams , and we need to dream for dreams . "
It 's right .
We won the wins , and if we put it together because the power of our power is more powerful .
Thank you .
Thank you very much .
OMC
2007 , Paul Fowler gives TED to TED , and the DNA of DNA reflects the speech , which is the case that , once , he wrote a lot of detail to describe this area -- to build small machines and make them self - organizing .
DNA , MacArthur grant , creativity , nanoscale , physics , science , technology
<unk>
Paul Stamets on a way to tell DNA
People have a lot of money to define .
And it should be a diamond , and it 's a fertile , or it 's evolved .
I do n't know the answer to that question , so I wo n't talk about you .
What I 'm talking about is a process of computing .
This is a computer program .
And in the cell cells , this program is going to be the result of the whole thing , and this is a guy , or a little bit of change , it will make a kind of , you know , some of you can change the same way , the other one or the size of this person , maybe it 's a big change .
And if you 're looking for a program to look at the genome , so you have to hook Chris up to the same kind of thing , like Jim p.m. , and we 're going to do it every one of us .
To convince you that there is a lot of different things that if you notice that the genome works and the computer program , it can help you believe this metaphor .
But the most attracted thing is that it 's a very small amount of pressure to make a difference in evolution .
A very small amount of mutations can transform a palm fly into a steel wing .
Or the leg of this flies is supposed to be a little bit sooner .
Or , if you 're familiar with this movie , the little variation in the movie may make a difference between six million people .
Now , one of the most important things about computer programs is that it can be kind of like a small mutation .
If you have a $ 100 one , you just need to put this one out of the street , and you 'll get a Rover .
So it 's so small that these little changes let me think that a complex calculation has always been on the back of the way .
So , all of these are encoded in biology and biology , and the organisms of this molecule are powerful .
What I wanted to do is write some of the potential of a technology program .
And there are lots of people involved in this direction , and there 's a lot of biologists who are doing this , like <unk> .
They focused on using cells .
It 's a cell posture .
My friend , the molecule programs , and I had a way of studying a research in biology .
We want to use DNA to build a new kind of thing , a whole new thing to create a language that 's created , and we hope that the rest of the future is going to be in the universe .
All of these cells have these machines .
Here 's a camera .
This is the solar panels in cells that are agile , and it 's the layer of the cell , the motors , and the motors .
I study groups that are trying to reinvent all the pieces from DNA .
We 're not a dupe of DNA , but DNA is most likely to understand , and it 's the most easy thing to do with it .
If other molecules become easy to use , like protein , we will use it .
If we were successful , what would the molecule looked like ?
You 're sitting on your computer .
You can design things , like cell phone , and if you 're using a high language , you 'll draw it .
And then you have to have a piece of wood that 's going to get this command and put it into the real molecule , and that molecules can be sent to the toy system and can make these molecules as a seed seed .
And if you gave it to water and give it back to it ? It evolved to be a computing process ? A molecule process , and it creates a <unk> .
And if I do n't talk about my ideas , I think the process of life has begun to build a computer computer by building electrical chemicals , and then the computer of the electronic brain is going to create a new molecule and the electrons will make new kinds of molecules , so that new computer computers will build new blocks .
If you believe that all of these things , and if you 're convinced that life is all about mechanical computing , you are looking at a very important problem .
One of the most important questions is , how do babies get to growth ?
As a matter of molecule , the problem is , you know , your cell phone , if you know what to do .
Or a computer program , who knows how to stop .
Or even more concrete , how you know it might be possible .
And of course , other questions like this .
And one of these is the problem of <unk> .
Actually , I think he actually is a computer scientist .
And he asked , and he was able to develop a smallest creature for a small creature .
Can I get a few genes ?
And the problem with this problem is that I can write the exact smallest of Microsoft Word as Microsoft , and how small it is .
And in his studies , when he studied the genome , you know , bacteria is going to be a little bit smaller , and we can write more and smaller programs and make it work like Microsoft Word .
But for the molecule , our problem is that we need to put more molecules to seed and make it a cell phone .
The smallest quantity we need .
Now , computing science has a big problem .
These are complex questions and computing scientists tell us all very difficult questions .
It 's almost impossible , or most of it .
And for some of you , we can try and answer that .
So I 'm going to start asking these questions about DNA structure , and that 's what I want to talk about .
In a normal DNA , that 's what you think is normal DNA .
It has two numbers , it 's mosquito - minus , because there 's a B , T , C , G , according to that kind of thing .
And I 'm going to use this to represent the DNA of the DNA structure , which is not going to get you right now .
We just looked at one of these two , not to think about it .
And when we synthesize that , we 're going to highlight this , and we can inject this in a cathedral , which is the blue blue , but in the other one , the orange thing is that they 're in the middle of a mountain that 's going on at the bottom of the cliff , right ?
But when you mix them together , they form exponentially .
In the last 10 years , the <unk> and a few of his students have been working on research , and then he uses it to make a beautiful three - dimensional structure .
They 're very , very smooth , but it takes a long time .
Maybe a couple of years of time , or a very difficult design .
So I came up with this new approach , which I call DNA , that 's a very simple technology , and you could do it in your kitchen .
But , in order to do this , you need a long - term robot , and it 's hard to get it to the technology .
So , you can find a natural approach .
Now , to look at this computer readout , he has a long - term processor , and he 's not really bad .
See , he 's about billions of bacteria .
It does n't work .
And it 's true , but in the inside , it was infected with a very good , long - term processor , and we could fold this genome , just like folding a piece of paper .
So here 's how we do it .
This is part of the genome .
We 've developed a little fractal structure , and I put these lines called " Rover . "
And each one of them has a little bit of it , and the other one is going to put it in a place where you can mix the whole kind of structure , so that it can change the entire piece of pattern .
And so many of these are these little DNA and membranes combined with a shape - shaped shape of a form of wood .
And so far , we ca n't take this process to Harvard , but Harvard Fellow Douglas Adams has made a great visual show for the first time .
And then we mix them together .
And shortly after that , it takes salt to heat them down , and it turns out that it 's going to fall down and down the process , the small ones and the wind starts to form .
You can see a little bit of a millimeter formed .
And when you look at the DNA , you can see what it is , even though you think it 's a complex thing , but they 're just a little bit of a double - scale parallel line , because there 's some of the small ones and a spiral , and the other one is connected to another one .
So there 's some kind of wind and a spiral together , and it jumps along another spiral .
So this can be used to this kind of thing .
And to show that we can make a form of shape and pattern , I want to do this shape .
I want the DNA to move the eyes and go down the nose , and then go back to the headrest and get back back the bus back , like this kind of mess off like this .
And I thought if I could do this shape , any other shape could be .
And then I used the computer program to design a little " Forever " to make this goal .
And I set up these , and the federal drill .
Multiply them up , the heat goes down and down , and you get a little bit of the water that 's going down between the top side of a sticker .
And every one of them is about a thousand .
They 're inside the water , and they 're going to be able to see if you need to find a surface that can make it on the surface .
So , you put them on a surface , and they 're going to zoom in on the surface and the surface of the atomic ergonomics .
The atoms have a ring , like a record on the surface , and it feels a little bit closer .
It felt like the DNA of DNA .
And there 's a atoms in the work where you can see a little bit of rolling down the surface .
And when you zoom in , these are the toes of the gecko 's toes , and some of them are filled with the nose , but it 's a good one .
You can continue to zoom in , and you see a little bit of that little scaling that 's formed .
Now the good thing about this technology is anybody can do it .
I had a year ago , and I received other sorts of revelations .
Anybody know what this is ?
It 's a map of China .
Things like this , a Chinese graduate student , and a great job done .
She wrote this program to design and build a very nice China map , and also in Taiwan and you can see the best rope in the world , right ?
So this approach really is really good for the shape , but you can design different patterns .
You can do a map of America , and with DNA , it 's called DNA .
And the most amazing thing is that these are all sort of sync - based art , but in fact , the structural arts are actually actually building the same thing that 's supposed to be done .
So , you can take the top part of the board , and this is like a piece of wood and a light switch .
Enlist these things , and you get a circuit board .
And then you can take the DNA off , and it 's just the rest of the board .
This is some of my colleagues at California University in California .
They combine the DNA , and with organic molecule spells by organic molecules , to build it , look at it and see it 's a switch .
Now it 's just a single string of points , and you need to fill up the components of the computer , so we 've got a long way to walk .
But it 's a very good reason because these are the ones that are able to build the common computer components , so the big ingredient is about 10 .
So this technology is very promising to make a computer computer computing .
Now , I want to go back to the main issue .
The DNA is able to prove that the string can actually work .
So , you start doing a job in the computer .
PH : You have an enormous amount of time - based research on the computer program .
You can send them to these molecules and send it to people and it works .
In fact , a company invented a very good program than my dirty patch , and this program could make us better , to design a visual design process , which is a visual design program .
Now , you can understand why DNA is not a ending .
You have these molecules , and you can do anything you want to do .
The problem is it ca n't be massive .
So if you want to go from DNA to the DNA of a dinosaur , you need a long number of DNA , and you have to have 100,000 swarms of DNA .
It 's like three years long , so we ca n't do this .
We have to use other techniques called the appointment self - organizing method of the technology .
This technology is invented by a technology that has been invented , and it has some more than a millionth of the root of a dinosaur that 's called " <unk> . "
And if you zoom in on this , there 's a little bit of a piece of DNA that 's there , and it 's very small , if each one is matching up , these little pieces are connected to other industries and all the other kinds of other things that they 're going to do with the rest of the modules , the little bleep between each other , which is the combination of all these other n - quarters of a cross - mix mix , with a little bit of exchange to mix up with other
We represent a little miniature square line .
And if you look at their metabolic ends , these little DNA clips you can see that they can form a grid pattern .
So these little modules are going to apply automatically to a complex medium .
And the key thing is that you may not notice these little modules , and they 're actually kind of like a model of molecules .
And the most amazing places are any computer programs that can be used to this kind of Gothic program , more specifically , to say .
You can ready for some kind of Gothic , and when they 're put together , you can form a binary layer , not just a circuit pattern .
You can only binary for five , six and seven .
In order to make these kinds of calculations , you need to type things up , like a seed seed .
You can use DNA to make a spider .
You can take 32 code to the right edge of the DNA , and then when you add those cables , they 're going to start doing it , when they look at it and they can stop .
So what we 've done is to find a way to get a molecule to know what to grow .
It knows when it stops , because it 's computing .
It knows how big it is .
So that would be the first question I asked .
But it does n't tell us how to do this .
Now , we can use this approach to make something bigger than DNA .
So , this is a DNA spider , and what we can do is to do it in a number of hundred years , " two in the DNA of DNA , which is 32 , we 're now able to use " Ace Ice " to give them an open - source , to make a new kind of Gothic engineering to form a rectangle .
It 's like a sixth of a rosebush , and it 's a wasps in the middle .
In this case , we can successfully use DNA to make a difference between DNA and urbanization , which is more than a number of things that are going to be called the DNA .
And the tricky thing is , it does it recursively .
By changing the binary binary version , you can get one 96 , not 32 , instead of 32 .
In this hypothesis , if you keep the DNA of the dinosaur , you can get a big three - dimensional square - square square .
It 's easy to tell me what I 've been talking about .
You have a very sensitive computer program , and there are very little changes , small , tiny mutations that can make a big size to create a small square - size , a certain kind of thing .
And this uses order to test and use this process to build this kind of thing , and it 's a problem of caring for the problem .
So , if you ask , how much DNA is going to build a typical square square ?
If we take a 10 or 100 square square or 1,000 square squares , if we 're using DNA , we need to have a rectangle between the 25,000 , and we have to need 100 or 10,000 , or maybe a number of DNA .
This is really a big number .
But if we 're using a little calculation , we use DNA to make a root of the DNA , and we just need 100 or 200 , or 300 DNA DNA .
So we can reduce the DNA of a DNA that takes advantage if we use a little calculation .
And the calculation is a very productive way of being able to reduce the amount of molecules that are used to build these things and have the size of the genome .
And finally , I 'm going back to that kind of computer to build the computer 's crazy ideas .
So looking at this , the square - up of the DNA of a DNA , which is long from the root of this spider , from its long twists , is the pattern of its model , and it 's the same pattern .
So if you 're in a tunnel where you put some wires and switch off , or put them on the Gothic , it 's not the DNA of DNA , and they 're able to build a little bit of complex circuitry that you 've got to do it in the subway and the way you need it to do it in the corners of the tunnel .
So you can use a complex circuit for a little bit of computing .
So this is a process of a molecule built by a molecule building .
You might ask , well , what 's going on here ?
From the experiment , this is what we did last year .
Here 's a piece of DNA that 's called " Fête " and some of the nano bands .
You can see how they act .
One , two , three , four , five , six , seven , nine , 24 , mosquito , prison
It 's wrong , but at least the big majority of it .
In fact , the idea was that we had this idea that this was going to be the time of doing this , and I think we have a lot of progress .
We have ideas right now .
And I think in five or 10 years , we 're going to be able to do what I 'm talking about , and I can do some kind of self - organizing gel .
And I hope you can learn from what I 'm talking about .
I hope you can memorize a very rich and complex form of organisms and complexity to do this .
And what it 's using is the form of molecules , and to understand and better use this , as a result , to try to figure out what 's going on , we have to build a map .
We 're going to use molecules and redesign these things , and the self - organizing self from a new way of being a natural approach to the DNA of a DNA set of DNA and DNA .
And you know , all this is great , but I hope you have this kind of molecule from this talk , and it 's not just a few tools just just to build a little tool .
It 's not just to make it available to self - organizing mobile phones and the motors .
And what 's really important is that using computing science and uses a new way of looking at the Big Bang , to ask these questions and try to understand how biological creatures are created . Thank you .
Homaro
Steve Jurvetson and songwriter Rovers in the TED 2007 TED Prize play for you , " People " and " World of Peace . "
arts , entertainment , guitar , music , peace , singer , storytelling
123
Christopher Sweeney : A " man " and " World of Peace . "
♫ If you think you 're in a world where nobody else 's world -- ♫ ♫ Sobule : I 've been able to listen to the face of the wall , ♫ and you ca n't get it to get the rest of it , and there 's no way of listening , but everybody is going to change the world and everybody can make a difference and every Everyone can be a useful one -- and everyone can change this world : ♫ Oh , you can see a little bit of a thing that everybody has to
And I 've got that song inspired by that , which is when I think about survival , and the rest of the war is going to be a difficult thing to do .
That 's the song .
And I wrote a lot of songs for me , and I still maintain , but the song has some extra stuff on it .
This song is called " The World Peace Peace . "
♫ Do n't hope ♫ ♫ No , no God saved the world 's world , ♫ no reason why you have no idea , there 's no way of dealing with this , you do n't have a lot of time , but I 'm not going to tell you , " ♫ The world peace , the World Peace Game , and there are more , more and more of the rest of our world -- and it 's not the case of " The World of Peace : " -- but there is no one of your
http://www.ted.com/talks/cary_fowler_one_seed_at_a_time_protecting_the_future_of_food.html
Clay Shirky explains why he could n't be able to make his job and become a social entrepreneur , and his businesses are offering life support services , for example , because , now , he lays out the ideas and planning to build a company that 's going to fight at a high school company .
Asia , TED Fellows , crime , entrepreneur , potential , poverty , social change , society
<unk>
Jonathan Drori : Legos to save
Poetry has touched me for me last year , and I became an ad - changing lawyer .
In the last 18 months , I was a lawyer , and I had a new idea of thinking about an innovative business idea , which I believe that this was really worth spreading .
So I 'd like to take this idea to you , even though it 's a specific way , but I still have a lot of bulk .
And the idea is that they 're going to be the pain of the public , and the negative images of the public themselves .
Since 1993 , I had become entrepreneurship and entrepreneurship of entrepreneurship .
I used to experience a experience of experience , experience and clinical entrepreneurship and economics .
I 've been working with my two brothers and my hometown , and I created a company in the city of the United States and then the two of these successful colleagues who work together , but just in their emerging enterprise .
In 2003 , I went out to the pure capitalist market , and I came back to a society where I was a social problem , which I did n't have to look at .
When the fate and you have a series of intermediate jokes , I realized that India needs to deal with the service of the services , as the American response to the U.S.
In order to solve this problem , I and my four friends , and I created the Maltese Falcon , for example , to strengthen the lives of India to heal the Indian support .
The people from the developing world , it 's not sexy .
But when we look at this , we 've got three main targets : provide world - class bankrupt services , and if it 's self - sufficient , you have to pay all the people who need the services , or whether it needs to be .
And this is based on the three goals of the goal , which is to take care of a mosquito , in 2004 , where it 's about 50 million visitors now , and we 've now strapped seven- to the hospital to Los Angeles .
It 's a support aid that does n't require any public funding , and it 's going to be a lot of money to take care of the treatment and the poor , the loss of their hosts .
And this is an effective response to 11 of 11 prisoners in Mumbai .
You know , as you know from the video , this service is going to take a hotel near the end of the police station , and the legacy of it is to save the chaos of attacks , the police attribute it to attack .
We were the first response to the health teams , and the team brought the Nobel Prize into the hospital to get them alive .
In order to reinforce and recall 11 , 11 percent of the last 11 years , we 've been working on a farm of NGOs , biomedical Corporation , and Acumen Fund to help us .
I just wanted to use our power to transmit a small information that we have to take to the crisis and the West , South Asia , in India and Pakistan , who would n't shut light from these techniques .
By time , I was working with these two social enterprises .
One is to take care of the World Trade Center , for example , to the edge of the London School .
And the other one is the bedrock of <unk> , and the company of self - organizing companies to strengthen the endowment .
I think we 're at least doing it for a second .
Because dengue fever and the mosquito costs us to get over hundreds of dollars , we have nine million dollars .
And the most important thing is , it 's a lot of trade , not philanthropy .
And I 'm looking at new social entrepreneurship now .
Poetry , venture and industrial Deficit Disorder .
You might be surprised yesterday yesterday to talk about these words yesterday .
Soy and terrorist is the same one , and the rest of it is usually the top of the company , but the people who are not going to get to the top , but unfortunately .
The rest of it is usually the politicians , the Gothic , and the people who have the ballast .
In the World Bank , every year we have a $ 60,000-a billion dollars to bribe , and it 's certainly not the case .
If you were to analyze a regular exam , and he would n't be in the middle of a day and say , " Well , gee , let me see , I 'm going to look at what I 'm talking about today . "
Or say , " Look at who I can make . "
It 's often a situation that people have to confront , unfortunately , to fund money for lawsuits .
In the world today , time is impressive , and it 's very scary to survive for the destruction of the Bonobo .
Now , let me ask you a question .
Imagine you were asked to pay a discount to get you to do something .
How do you do it ? Of course you can check it up .
What do you get into the police department ?
You do n't want to pay for that .
But you do n't have any resources or weapons to fight yourself .
A lot of people in this room , unfortunately , is capitalism and markets force .
Now the power power of the market is not to be able to go to this public service , and you can call them money and ask to fight and do it to be a terrorist struggle to fight to be .
It 's like suicide services , or one -- for example -- or Van Eno , and promotes Howard to prevent corruption .
It does n't make a difference .
And I was introduced by one of the harshest winters , and I had always been at the top of an old man who had been the bureaucratic office of the local urban office , where they managed to recover .
She just had to be interrupted , and she was able to build a lot of it in the Rift Valley , which could make her even more ease .
And this legislation does n't want to give it permission if it 's going to be anti - blowing .
And even though it 's been refuted , I ca n't , or say I do n't want to help her , because I 'm building my own company .
I do n't want to be reminded to that .
We have a group of groups that have been built in order to solve a body service or give credit for the problem or to charge the problem .
In 42 cases , we 've all been through the whole principal tool , and we 're going to get to solve these problems . We 've been successful in our own purpose and do n't avoid them .
The cost of using these tools is much more than a railway station .
And I believe that these tools are going to be able to mobilize the environment , and to make it even the network of the Internet , called the DARPA center , which is the charge of charge .
The goal was defeated .
It 's been used every year , and it 's equivalent to GDP per year .
And this is a very recent market .
I 'm proposing to continue to keep on thinking about the potential of this choice to make this service , which is that it can stop causing lawsuits and prevent corruption .
I certainly realized that it was forever forever .
It never will be a simple process .
In the last 18 months , as a lawyer , I was struggling with a terrorist attack , including the biggest company in India .
They 've got a copy of the police department , and I was surrounded by the International Trade Union , who was the Catholic shrine .
It 's a sin to fight with corruption , including our family , friends , even children .
But I think the cost of choice is to build a better world .
What gave me this courage ?
And as I would say , when I was walking , it could n't be impossible , but they were a solitary tale , because they gave up the future of their bright , and I said , " We ca n't give up , at least not .
Because we 're a group of tricks , trying to do this impossible task .
It 's a bad one . " Thank you .
Chris Anderson : So thank you , this project is going to be painful .
Interviewer : Well , Steve , hope not to be a spring , but just immediately .
CA : What do you have ?
I mean , if you give us a little bit more intuition , like the number wait , how much money does you have to pay ?
PH : Let me give you an example .
Someone was going to the gym .
This is a staff employee , and it 's about 3,000 meters per second .
But somebody was a little bit like this .
So we had to use " The Human Genome Act , " and the American " Freedom of " information " to be able to force the rest of the population .
It 's a couple of cases that we 've been working on for three images .
And some people say , " Oh , what they 're going to do ? I do n't want to go to the surface . "
Some people are going to say , " Oh , you 've got to do it right ? You know what the lids is . "
And then it works .
And then we have to do the next step , and the other way we want to do it , and then each other is going to be <unk> .
And the biggest thing is that each one is done .
CA : And if they were 3,000 , it was a suicide dollar , and what would you do about it ? What would business do ?
Narrator : Well , ours is less than $ 20 .
So it worked .
CA : profit . I like !
Narrator : I 'm not going to be in TED .
CA : Okay , well , these are the digital numbers , actually .
Assuming you successfully get heroes around the world .
This is incredible .
Thank you very much for TED in TED .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sheena_iyengar_on_the_art_of_choosing.html
Investor and gentlemen , according to what 's called " intelligence , " as an antidote to " wisdom " to save the social society , he has the audacity to tell us that the rules are always going to allow us to adjust us , a lot of power to help us conquer our world .
business , culture , global issues , philosophy , politics , self , social change , society
<unk>
Kevin Shepherd : The wisdom of our grasp
In his family speech , Obama called us all of us to get rid of the stock market .
But what does he call ?
And he was happy , he did n't like the president of the former presidential husband , but it was just the case of us .
They do n't tell us , " Believe we , believe the American .
investment , investment , investing . "
Instead , he told us how to put dust on the side .
Think of the virtues of sync .
It 's a wonderful word .
It does n't seem very appropriate to say that in the frontier of aviation .
And some people might wonder , what 's the virtue of virtue ? "
Let me start by a example .
This is a hospital working in one of the hospitals in the screen , and it 's on the screen .
It 's a very common story .
And this is all some of the things you can predict : <unk> , you know , cleaning the grass , bend it down , wait .
And the number of things that might be surprised , but the content is very common .
But there is a phenomenon that I want you to notice : even though it 's a long story , there 's no one in it .
None of them .
It 's also the same work that we 've been working on in a hospital .
And yet , when some of psychologists go to interview something like this , to understand how these people look at their work , they met Michael Pollan and tell them why he does n't keep a movement , because the archaeology is going to be a very simple movement to try and get him out of the ground .
And the guy told them , she said , " She does n't follow the manual of a vacuum , without a glowing pole , because there 's some family sitting there . Now , somebody 's going to stay there . "
And the next thing they interviewed was that they had twice a room for an Agile ward , because the father of the patient , his father , who was here for six months , he had n't seen it , and he did n't see , so this guy was upset .
Like this behavior , whether it 's not from celebrity , the technicians , and the nurses , when we 're lucky , to be a doctor , is not just going to make people feel better , but they actually improve the quality of patients .
Of course , society , not every single vine .
But the people who do this , all of these people are connected to their connections , to choose and kiss , is the most central part of this job .
But it turns out that there is no way of working on the other side .
These are moral judgments to correct other people .
In addition to that , they also have a moral skill to judge what 's right .
Aristotle told us that the intelligence of intelligence is the combination of moral choice and morality .
A wise person knows when to do it and how to make a specific approach to each other , like these Rovers , when they do n't know what 's going on for other people .
A wise person knows how to get the bed pedal , and the Rover knows that it 's going to go to the floor .
The reality of the world is often quite difficult and ambiguous , and the problem is always changing .
A wise person , like the hands of the hand , looked at the playground and do n't look at it , and it 's not going to stick to the situation that the people who have to do with the rest of the time and the rest of the world .
A wise person knows how to use a moral skill and work .
It 's not for people to serve other people .
And finally , maybe the most important people are not born , but the form form .
intelligence depends on experience , but not all of the experience .
You need time to learn about people .
You need to be able to do some kind of dynamic decisions and try to get a new thing , and it 's always going to fail .
You need a clever mentor to guide you .
When you ask people what I 've mentioned , they learn how they work , and they 're going to tell you a lot about how it works .
They do n't mean to take a lot of time off the floor , and it takes a lot of time .
It 's saying that it 's a lot to learn to care about patients .
In TED , the heroic growth scandal .
It 's a little scary .
The good news is that you do n't want to be smart people .
The bad news is that if you do n't have intelligence , it 's not enough .
It 's like something else that makes you cry with other people .
Now , I hope we all know that .
And this is clearly obvious , or I 'll tell you a little story .
This is a story about the celebrity .
A father and his seven - year - old son was looking at the competition in San Francisco .
And his son gave him the father 's father and bought it to the store .
But the mosquito is only about five percent , and there 's five to five ethanol .
This is a father that does n't know if there 's ethanol .
So he bought it back .
And the kid starts out , and the guards came out and was called the police , the policemen were called dengue , so it brought children to the hospital .
And it turns out that the kids did n't get out of the blood vessels .
And then you can leave it out .
But not very quickly .
Children care about health care does n't allow children to be taken .
This kid was sent to a healthy family , spent three days .
So , are this kids home ?
And of course , Judge the judge said that , but the environment was leaving the house to the hotel .
Two weeks later , I was happy to report to you , this family ended up .
But the welfare sector , the public community , and the judges said , " Well , we hate it , but we have to do it for rules . "
How could this happen ?
♫ Sobule : In the age of childbirth , it said , " Well , the rules might be possible , but they 'll make you think . "
It 's fair to say that the rules are often always <unk> because the privatization of legislation is going to get a child to return to a family and harm family .
And the reason is pretty profitable .
It 's a matter of fun , and we 're going to use the tooling .
One tool is the rules of information .
More , better rules .
The second tool we 're looking at is incentives .
More , better motivated systems .
What 's the other thing ?
I could be very easy to find in terms of financial finance .
Steve Jobs , humility .
To improve systems , change the system , or promotes incentives .
And the truth is , no matter what the rules are , or inspire systems to do this .
How do you write a rules to make a decision that it 's all about to do this ?
Would you like their sympathy for their compassion ?
It looks kind of ridiculous .
What 's going to happen when we 're much more sophisticated to the system , the rules and incentives and forces that make things better , but the institutions are going down to a very good , and it makes things worse .
The moral skill has been driven by the rules of rules , and this inhibits our opportunities to learn our opportunity from the <unk> .
It 's been saved because it 's going to keep the desire to inspire us to make the right thing .
Do n't think about the rules , looking at rules and incentives , and we will experience a wise war .
Let me just give you a couple of examples , which is the conflict between the rules and the skill skill .
The story is a story .
Second , you 're going to be a bit more familiar , and the U.S. is the same thing that 's happening in the U.S.
This is a hypothetical example in Chicago .
Reading and listen to it and start the word " names " to B . Man : Give students to put students in a little patch on a tiny patch .
It 's a 25 - year - old checklist that 's 25 pages a page .
Chicago 's preschool in Chicago , every teacher in the same way .
We know why we have this kind of thing .
We ca n't be able to rely on trusted teachers to get them to <unk> .
It 's kind of like an anti - catastrophe of catastrophe .
They can prevent catastrophe .
But they were in the position of the teacher , yes , and they made it .
Come up . Do n't say me . We need rules !
And the hand needs some kind of Legos , and most people do n't need to look at the playground .
We need more instructions to treat bankers , God forbid .
But there 's a lot of rules going to allow the hands to get the hands out of it .
Eventually , they lose their talents , or they 're totally not playing .
What about the system ?
They look more smart .
And if you have a reason to do that , I 'll give you the second reason , just from logic , and the two reasons it seems to be more good than a problem .
Right ?
Actually , no .
And as a matter of fact , one of the reasons is that there are two reasons why you 're not going to get people to do it , but they do n't want to do that .
Because the time is limited , I 'm not going to get one example .
About 15 years ago , Sputnik was trying to decide where they were in charge .
And the Russians had an appointment .
And some of these psychologists move around , and they put a lot of knowledge into the citizens .
And they said , " Do you want to put it in your community ? "
The surprise is that 50 percent of citizens say it .
They know the cows .
They also know that this is going to reduce their shoulder value .
But they have to put in places where the citizens have responsibilities .
And psychologists have a little bit of a problem and ask other people .
And they said , " If we pay you a couple of weeks per year , you 'd like to put in your community every year ? "
Two reasons . This is my leader and I get money .
It 's not like 50 percent of the time before we say it 's about 25 percent .
And the second result is to introduce the dynamic conditions . So , " What 's my responsibility for ? "
And we said , " What 's appropriate for us ? "
When it did n't work , when the CEO CEO was a long - term health program , the long group of clinicians in search for a lot of dollars was always the same .
We build more sophisticated engagement .
Truth : you 're not going to have enough enough to think about it .
Anything that could be communicated on would be a bad choice .
We 're all necessary . People are always going to live .
But for the sake of the pacemaker , it 's not a lot of liberation to get professional grades into two aspects .
He would have lost the people who were lost in this campaign , and they would make a choice .
Before she said Barack Obama said , " Do n't we just ask this profits ? " And I said " Is it going to be the right time for the people to do it , and they do n't ask to go to the same time , but they will not ask . "
We can see this in pharmaceutical industry .
" Though not so severe , we have the best clues to make sure that it would n't be a serious salvage world . "
" To stay in the market for the next market , we 're still going to have a lot of people who do n't have your position to replace you . " " For those of you , I 'm now harvesting my soul . ♫ It 's not just what people expected to do .
So what can we do ?
And here 's a little bit of hope : we should try to reconstruct the moral narrative .
One approach is : Do n't teach a lot of Legos .
Come on for people to show you , you do n't really get serious , the best way to tell you about what 's going on to you is to put it into a little piece of hairs , and then transfer him to a moral compass .
What else could you do ?
Plank number one : the moral compass .
And when you walk into the bathroom , there 's a very small sound that 's going to be a little bit of sound , and the story of the justice lawyer 's lawyer .
There is no 10 - year - old to do that .
People will be inspired by moral heroes .
But we know , when the dictionary 's going on , you 're going to tell you that you have a grammar hero , and you find it .
Or forget about them .
Because you 're proud of them .
Heidi .
It needs to be the people who convince you that the moral hero .
And this is one thing we can do .
And I do n't know how many of you remember this : 15 years ago , another moral hero , syphilis , who is a company <unk> , and he 's the company of the Maltese Falcon , which is an organization that 's created .
It 's 3,000 workers , and he throws every one of the participants to the terrorist .
Why ? Because if you leave them out , or for the community , it would be unfortunately .
" Maybe we do n't have a company we have , " but I can tell you , it 's more value than imagination , and we 're doing it . "
In TED , we heard a few of the moral heroes .
There are two special motivations .
One is Rick Warren , who -- he -- you know , he knows that he 's part of the wrong thing , or the business of a cup .
Why ? Because it 's right .
And one of the things he found was that he actually made more money .
His employees had been inspired by that .
Why ? Because they 're happy to do the right thing .
Yesterday , we heard that the power of power is about re - Abu replacement .
There is a great example from a lot of different ways .
Because it uses it to do the right thing .
God knows that it uses a lot of professional technology .
And I was surprised , and he had to know how important it was to put things out of place .
But the most important thing is to make it work , and he tends to get a lot of people to understand this .
And unless you work with people who work together , it will fail .
You do n't have a formula , tell you how to support people , because in different groups , different kinds of different ways .
There are lots of other things in TED and a lot of places .
You do n't have to go to bed a superhero .
There are lots of heroes .
The people who mentioned that they 're going to be a regular hero .
And as a youngster , every one of us should try to be an ordinary hero , and it 's a regular hero .
And as the director of the company , we should try to do the environment to inspire and to encourage the moral skill and the morality .
Even if the most intelligent people are going to give up , if they 're trying to fight and they work for their work .
If you 're going to drive companies , you have to make sure that there 's not a job -- it 's a work of work like a long time , like a long time ago , to talk about the same thing as the previous job , and the thing that 's going on in the process ?
Because the truth is , any of the work that you work with is moral work .
Any moral job will depend on wisdom .
And perhaps most importantly , as the teacher , we should be trying to be a moral hero , and the moral model of the people we 're doing .
A teacher has something that we should remember .
One is we 've been teaching .
And someone will always watch it .
The camera is always driving .
Bill Gates talk about the importance of education , and particularly empowering the rules . "
And he also talked about a lot of wonderful things that are going on the road to college to college .
And I 'd like to put it on the top of the manila folder , Bill Clinton .
And they found that this is the most important thing that kids need to learn .
They need to learn respect .
They need to study respect to their peers .
They need to learn their teachers .
And most importantly , they need to learn respect to learning .
So this is a goal of all .
And if you do that , it 's like close to the corner .
The teacher : You teach your kids to take every minute every one of every single day .
Obama forbid the virtues of sync .
I think he 's right .
And I think the most powerful thing we need is the wisdom of action , because he makes other virtues -- curiosity , joy , courage and so forth .
He represents hope .
It 's right .
I think it 's a reason to be hopeful .
I think people want to be good at that .
And from a lot of far , it 's TED .
It 's going to be the right thing to do , because it 's because of the good news .
And the intelligence is that we do every one of them , as we start noticing .
And notice what we 're doing , how we can do , maybe , perhaps the most important , to build the organization that we work and make sure that it allows us to develop intelligence , not suppressing our wisdom .
Thank you .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : You 're going to be standing there .
SS : Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/reed_kroloff_on_modern_and_romantic_architecture.html
And those who lost their arms families were not the difficulty of our human beings that we could imagine . In TEDMED , Dean Kamen talks about the motivations of motivations , and Dean Ornish shares a lot of people who had a profound impact on him .
design , healthcare , health care , medicine , prosthetics , technology , war
<unk>
Dean Kamen : The story of invention
I 'm not talking about technology , but the people and their stories .
On TV recently , over 60 minutes , I think many people have seen it .
This is what 's taken now in the U.S. capitalist Highway . He lost a arm in Vietnam , and he lost an arm that would n't work very useful .
And in this 60 minutes , he was very clear that he had been able to take him to the bow of his arms arm , and he did this with two hours , but he took it off the new shelf , which was a very good one . He said , " This is what he said : this is his first arm . "
And this is not the beginning of the story , and I 'm not ready to show you a video .
And I 'm going to show you a little early video that no one has ever seen , because I think you can understand this story better .
A few years ago , the private team of Defense studies go out and find me , and these people who are funded to develop these are the high - tech technologies and the high - school technology .
And they 're excited about people who can help their soldiers .
Anyway , I came up with this prototype , and I was sitting in front of my meeting , who was a member of a company and a DARPA team .
And they told me that the idea is that we use medical technology that 's very high - tech , even in Afghanistan or Iraq , and the fishermen are able to benefit these technologies as well as Iraq .
They were proud to say that if you had the mosquito injury , they were going to be able to get out of the Houston ward , and they would be found and took back back to the best people in the United States and then get more than the aid that we were in a city .
These are good aspects .
And the bad news is that they lose a arm , a leg or a pair of face , and he 's faced with basic paralysis .
And then they showed me the mosquito soldiers who lost their arms .
And then the angry angry article said , " In the end of the war , if some of you lost a arm , we give him a hand to replace him .
Now , we have the bed and the groom , but if someone lost a arm , why would we give him a plastic bag with him ? "
They do n't think it 's too much anymore , " so , Sergey .
I want you to make a arm for us . "
I 'm waiting for them to show me that maybe 500 pages of legislation come from mainstream institutions .
No , he said , " We put a man with a group of people , give him a piece of paper , and he or she could take a piece of paper or grapes .
If you get grapes , they do n't take it off . "
Okay , so he needs an application , and it 's a feedback sensor .
" If you take a look at the bow , he would take it very , very stiff . "
So , there is a good motor controlling controlling the string of noise , and the continuation of the shoulder , the tuned and the continuation .
Whatever they do , they eat it .
" Oh , yes , berries are supposed to be about 50 to seven women , which means that it 's 32 inches long , and the nine pounds .
50 percent .
This arm should be completely unsolved , including power . "
And they ended up doing this . And I 'm clearly a little man .
I told them they were mad .
They had to do it for a second .
And then , the waiter said , " Heidi , you should know that more than 24 kids have lost it . "
I could n't imagine , maybe your imagination was more rich than me , but I would n't really imagine the age of 22 , lose a arm that would be lost .
But it does n't have to do with two arms .
They seem to be useless .
And so I went home and I started thinking about this .
And I ca n't wait , and I 'd like to say a person who does n't have a shoe .
So I decided I wanted to do this .
Yet , a lot of my work worked very well .
Most of my work was spent on me , like Sunitha and the water , and so on .
So it 's a lot of work .
But I thought , " I must do this . "
I did a little research . I went to Washington , and I told them I was feeling crazy , but I decided to do it .
I said I 'd give them a cup of legs .
And I said that it 's about five years of liberation , which is about 10 years in diameter .
It 's just like the apple coming out of the apple .
" Okay , he said , " You 're only two years . "
And I said , " Well , in a year I 'm making a chair . It 's less than nine pounds .
But I need nine years to work that way . "
We keep making different judgments .
When I go back , I started writing the best and exciting , and the people who were working on the team .
A year later , we made 14 or 14 mutants . All the sensors , all the things , everything has been inside .
And if you do it on top of it , you 'll find it 's a little bit cooler , but you ca n't see the interesting part .
And then I would like to be able to get the next step to make it really practical .
But in fact , you can see from Daniel 's drawing and attitude , and those are very compelling people who want to make something that 's very , very powerful .
So , two of them put on the boat , but 10 hours , one of those two arms is lost .
The players have no legs , and the other hand is just a little bit .
They were in the workforce , and we spent 10 hours in our office .
And we took a little bit of a simple but good job for them .
And I 'd like to take a little bit of a minute and a couple of seconds and few seconds for a few minutes , and I 'm going to try and do a lot of things that I do n't know , because I ca n't do it myself .
He took a piece of paper , rolled up the wheat with the wild wheat and the milk , and he used all the joints to put it in the mouth and put it in the mouth and had a little milk .
I ca n't do it .
His wife stood up to me .
She was in the back of my hand , and she said , " William , it 's 19 years without having to eat anything they eat .
So , you 've got choice : Do n't keep this arm out of the arm , do n't you put it down . "
Now we 're looking at celebrity .
This is a sneak preview at the same time .
He 's using his control and our control , and it 's our engineers and surgeons who are always shattered .
This is the Ministry of Defense ; they 're introducing a little bit of a piece .
And Hugo 's weird and professional mental traits are really proud and they 're prepared to share a piece of cake .
It 's not a simple thing .
And imagine how if you take a piece of paper with a court , or you go down and down .
Now it 's a very unusual thing to do , at least for me .
Now , he 's going to do a job for the insurance department .
He took a grapes , and he did n't have schedules ; he had no choice . He got it down .
Well , this is a 15 months later .
But , I learned from Richard , and technology , processor , sensors , <unk> , does n't matter .
I do n't care about these questions , or , in the whole part of medicine , I have no choice .
I 'm going to talk a little bit about what happens when we start doing this .
And in our belief we 've got a good time , and we also need to do all kinds of engineers , usually , you can take three steps , like the weight of the hull , the size of your weight , which is , in the heart , it 's going to pick up the car , I tell them , because , if we 're trying to get the arm , we have to go to the airplane and I told them that we are having to be able to talk to them .
Steve Jobs is a little bit better .
And when I said , they did n't mean , but I say , " Well , what 's the point ? "
The point is that the kids wo n't be using this arm .
I told my engineers , " We 're going to go to CRP hospital , where you see a lot of people who lose the human body .
These people might be angry , depressed , frustrated .
So we need to support them and inspire them .
But we need to get enough information from them to ensure what we 're doing right now .
When we walked into the Rift Brigades , I found myself wrong .
We really see a lot of people . There are many people who lose their bodies , and the rest of the side is burned , but half the faces are lost , or a ear .
They were brought here to a table and talk to us .
We asked them a lot about what we wanted to know .
" Look , I told them , " We do n't have a big thing like snoring .
I can give you a good movement , or I could get you to 40 pounds , but I wo n't do it at all .
I can give you a quick amount of control , and I 'm going to take you to the power , but I ca n't be able to do it at the same time , but I wo n't do it again .
We tried to make them tell us what they needed .
They just fail , and they keep thinking about how to do it .
" You can help . "
You 're listening to me , you know , much more .
We have this to help you . We need data , we need to know what you want .
Half a half hours later , there was one person sitting on the table and did n't say anything about it .
He lost a arm .
And he picks up the other hand .
My name says , " Oh , you do n't say anything .
If it 's this or , what ? "
And he said , " You know , I 'm in the table .
I lost my hand , but I was a vegetarian . "
So , he did n't talk about it .
He had great mental , they all have .
And he did it .
PH : Later on , we call it .
And then he throws himself out from the table .
He does n't have legs .
And then we left .
I think we do n't have to support them and encourage them to give us these .
And they also gave up .
This is amazing .
So we went back .
I work more and faster .
And then we went into the Houston store .
And then we see a lot of these kids , many of them .
And they were very optimistic with them .
And then we went back again . We go back to work , and it works .
We came up with a clinical trials , and we got five to the people .
We struggle in cows .
And I got a phone phone , and we went to Washington .
We went back to the gym of aviation , and there was a child who was in the age of 20 , which was an explosion .
He was sent to German 24 hours later , and they brought him from Germany to Los Angeles .
And then he was there . They said we did .
So I went . They lifted him across a room .
He 's lost a car .
It was lost .
He 's just a little bit of a body .
His half of his face has never gone , but they said he checked .
He has a eyes .
His name is RHex .
And he said , " I need your arm , but I needed two . "
You get their own .
This kid comes from the Houston Institute .
And then he said , " I have a truck , and I had a choice .
Do you think I could drive it again ? "
Of course .
And I turned to thinking , " What would you do ? "
Anyway , he 's like everybody 's left .
He really does n't need a lot of it .
He told me , he wants to help . He wanted to go back to his colleagues .
So I came here .
I was invited to Austin .
In San Francisco , 300,000 people in the United States , in this important thing , only 3,000 million people to help their family families , and these kids , the children , they 're going to be the same .
I said , " What would I say ?
And it 's not a good thing , and if you do that , I 'll never give you your arm . "
" We need you to go . "
So I went .
You can imagine , there 's a lot of people right there .
Some of them are more likely to hurt other people .
But every time , every one of these people has incredible emotional attitudes , and it 's just about people who care about it .
And finally , I 'd like to tell you what I 'm worried about .
And I 'm not talking about who 's responsible for this , but there 's a lot of people who are always counting what they can get .
You know , this country has been arguing about healthcare .
Who has a benefit ?
How many interest ?
Who does this ?
It 's all hard .
I do n't have the answer to that . It 's not all the people who are born there .
It 's wonderful , but it 's impossible . So let 's do it .
And it 's all a problem . There are a lot of choices that are going on .
I do n't know the answer to these questions .
There are other problems .
Are we supposed to be here ?
How do we leave ?
What are we going to do ? A lot of different answers , and I do n't have the answer .
The problem between politics and the economics of economics .
I do n't know what to answer . But I have a simple idea , but I can say the sequel .
This is a simple answer .
And I know what these injuries are , they 're in medical care .
And I was talking to one of these kids , and he loved this kind of mechanical pen because it was a lot of wood for a carrying plastic bag , but the people in this room had no choice for the arm .
But I told the kid , " You know , the first airplane is about 100 feet .
It was called " Frost and Prince . "
But it does n't make a recipe .
And yet we 've got dengue fever , C - 15 million dollars , even the debit accounts .
I 've never seen a blade across the airport .
So I thought we would have a tremendous outcome . "
And I said to him , " In your partner , your ability to call your choice and abilities , I would stop my job .
I 'm going to do it before , and I do n't stop doing it . "
And I think this country should continue to keep it . It 's about " The lover 's lover ' complain . "
They complain about it .
But in our rough stomachs , we complain about who 's going to spend the money , and how much we remember , remember some of the people who complained that they were , they should get what they could do .
We should give them .
http://www.ted.com/talks/eric_dishman_take_health_care_off_the_mainframe.html
This is a very personalized talk in TEDMED , as a magician , and David Eno talks about how he works at the underwater record -- -- one of the things that 's going to be a long time -- and -- " Do n't do it for a minute . ♫ ♫ No one . "
biology , magic , medicine , performance
<unk>
David Square : How do I do that underwater ?
And as a magician , I always try to create a phenomenon that allows people to think .
And I tried to challenge myself to do something impossible .
I was in 1999 , in May Springs , a week in New York City .
It 's a week to take water .
But it turns out that I got a lot of fun , and I decided to do something more .
And the next time I put myself on a big ice tank , where the city is in New York City .
It 's more difficult than my imagination .
And then the next one I 'm standing on the top of the manila folder , and I 'm going to hit 36 hours .
And so quickly I began to develop very powerful hallucinations that I think the building looks like a big animal .
And then I went to London .
In London , I lived for 44 days of a glass , and it was nothing like water .
For me , this is the hardest one , but it 's still a wonderful journey .
There was a lot of skepticism in the time , especially in London , and they were sitting in front of my glass box and filled with the wires around me .
And I 'm really happy to be diagnosed with this activity , and in fact , the New England Times , in the U.K.
And the next thing I 'm going to do is to try to figure out how long it is , and what it means , it does n't have any circumstances , I do n't have the air .
And I did n't realize that this was the most beautiful journey of my life .
As a young girl , I 'm guilty of as a youngster , and the mortgage challenge .
When I was a kid , I started with the rest of the kids , and I looked at how long they were , when they had to get over the water , it would have been about five to five million , so I could n't have to go underwater , completely needed to do it .
When I was a teenager , I could get three to 30 seconds .
And then I found that that was a personal tour .
In 1987 I heard a story , a boy falling into the river , and the Russians were in charge .
He 's 45 minutes without breathing .
When terrorism was invited to beat anxiety , he found him out .
His heart drops to Ohio degrees .
And as a magician , I believe it might be possible .
I think if someone could do it , anyone can do that .
And I started thinking about thinking , if this boy could n't breathe a long time , then must have a certain approach to do it .
So I found the best one .
Ask people about it , how long is it that if you 're not sensitive to the wind , what do I do ?
He told me that any more than six minutes do n't breathe , and it 's a dangerous danger of blood vessels .
And so , of course , I brought it into my challenge .
For the first time , I was going to simulate the situation that she was a little girl , and I wanted to make a copy of this guy .
And then it jumped out , and I hope my temperature can fly .
When I was 27 years old , the first time I did n't even do it for a minute .
So I realized that simple design does n't work .
And I came up with a doctor friend who asked him how to wobble so long .
" I think I 'd like a long time on underwater . How do you do it ? " And I asked him .
And he said , " David , if you 're a magician , design is not a breath of breathing ? "
He wanted to be able to get this idea , and he had a breathing device , which was basically a little bit of a family , but basically , it was a kind of an umbrella of the balloon , he thought it would be the same thing that I 'd put in my body and then applied it to the air and breathe .
The process looks very uncomfortable .
But that was a try .
Well , obviously it does n't work .
And then I started thinking about it .
There 's a chemical fractal kit .
It 's a very high - resolution , theoretical theory you can breathe .
So I 'm going to try and do this with it , put it into the face of the gecko , trying to breathe . But it 's really impossible .
It 's basically like doctors say , like a elephant , and your chest is still the same .
It does n't look like this .
And then I thought , well , could it be in my heart and my lungs , and I took out the tubes and put it on the top of the manila folder , but actually , in fact , the device was actually breathing me ?
But this is clearly another crazy idea .
And then I came up with a crazy approach : that 's what happened .
Went to the real moment , and the doctor has thought that it 's a lot of time .
So I started collecting information .
Because they can only swim for four minutes a long time .
And when I was working on a dozen people , I found that the tooling , the freedom of freedom .
It 's almost impossible to say what I 've discovered .
It 's a lot of freedom .
It 's a deep record , and people can go to the biggest depths of them .
There 's a kangaroo .
It 's just how long it is , and it 's going to be long , but it has to be in a recursive place .
That 's what I studied .
The first lesson I learned was that when you were in a checkout loop , if you were in the grass , it would be wasting energy .
Raising oxygen , it takes blood vessels to get the blood pressure down , so I 'm going to try to move it .
And I learned how to slow my legs .
You have to ensure the rustle in the grass , and it 's very relaxed to imagine that they 're not in their bodies .
And then there 's a little bit of breathing .
It turns out that it 's actually an absolute breath breathing .
PH : Hi .
And then you feel vertigo , and they do it .
And that could be used in the body .
And then when you 're discipling your breath , you feel rough .
And I learned to get a big amount of input , and the headrest , the relaxed , do n't let a little bit of empty steel and adjust all the pains .
In a morning morning , I woke up a couple of months , and I wake up with the first thing to breathe back to 52 minutes , so I can go to 90 minutes .
I 'm going to use a way of breathing in the way that I breathe , and the breath of force is a minute .
And then it 's about five to five .
And then it 's painful to breathe for a minute , and the biggest rehabilitation is that it takes five to a half .
I 'll get over and over again .
In 52 minutes , I actually breathe eight minutes .
In the end , I felt that the brain was flashing .
It 's like walking around a cup .
Ze headaches .
It seems to me that the people who I 've been working on .
I started looking at this record .
This is Tom Arthur .
And this guy is like a candy .
He has six to 4 , 160 pounds .
And his disciples is a regular one .
I was six , and I 'm six .
Or it could be a small number of skeletons .
So I had to cut 50 pounds in three months .
And all of this stuff put me into the mouth of my mouth .
And each one of these small foods is going to be a lot of a food .
And I kept eating very little food every day .
And it turns out that I began very well .
The more I fall , the more we get a long time to breathe .
It 's a hard time to train a diet - controlled adhesive , and it 's 38 times a minute .
It 's less than the most popular part of the Olympics .
In 4 months of training , I 've been able to use that for seven minutes .
I train noise everywhere .
Try in extreme environments where you can reduce whether they 're going to get rid of the end of the knot .
Eventually I 'm going to get rid of the tooling , and I want to be in the Masai age .
It was eight seconds ago , Tom , Ernest , and I told you that the guy had blue , big lungs .
And I thought I could put a big stick on the street and I did n't eat it to be a week , and then I was going to get a little bit closer and slow down , I 'm sure I would do it for a long time .
Obviously , I was totally wrong .
I had a week to go to the center .
It 's all over the ground .
What I did n't know is , in the lexicon , the TV was made of people , and the television was making a very boring view of the audience .
So I had to add out the lines , and the brush on the board .
This is a very bad mistake .
And I had a lot of oxygen on my movement .
For seven minutes , I 've been very afraid of starving .
When I was seven to seven seconds , I started fiddling with it .
Seven seconds later they had to take me off the gangplank .
There is a silver lining .
So it 's natural to get rid of the trade of smoke , and what I can think is to go to the tooling .
And I told him that I 'm going to increase the risks that I 'm going to use .
This is a different record , and this is the dawn of the Mecho - Gecko , from dengue fever .
And the point is that it 's going to take the heat off the street , and it turns out that carbon dioxide is going to be a little longer .
And I realized that I really had the real competition .
In 2008 2008 gave me four months to train and train .
I slept in a low - speed coma .
It 's called a low - angular decline .
Take the ultimate birthday .
And the reason for that is that you can accumulate the amount of blood vessels , helping you to preserve oxygen .
In every morning , the brain is out there , and the brain is out there .
In the first time , I 've been able to get a ticket to get a brush .
It 's a very successful success .
And when that physician sends me out of the water , it was very shocking to me , and the 15 minutes were not breathing your brain .
But when he took me out , I was good .
You know , there was a very big deal of this .
It was my first time . When I was underwater , she was picking up all my text .
My brother took a picture of that . It was ...
Eventually I announced the proof of public challenge .
And what he did was , he was able to break him in the galleries and grabbed his record .
And then his main competition came out again .
So , cartoons were mentioned by 16 seconds .
It 's better than I do .
You know , better than ever documented .
Now , I 'm going to try to tell you a little bit about this .
I hope they could participate .
So , I did any of the people who came up with a scientific journal .
I walked into the streets of the New York Times , and I wanted to show each other .
I do n't know if the magic thing is , but John 's religion , John , who has been convinced , and also wrote a story for breathing .
When he was there , I tried to tell him .
And I went down to 22 meters , and I had 16 million dollars , so I was in the process of Maine , which was very dangerous . That was what people were doing .
The lucky thing was to see me , and he took me off the door .
And then I got bored .
And I was completely overwhelmed by the metaphor , and I kept doing what I would do .
But it 's not going to be used in the way that they 're going , but that 's the show .
In practice , I meet myself , floating across the street .
But on TV , they wanted me to look at me before the audience saw me .
And the other one is that the fruit dogs put it down , so they have to use their legs , and I 'm not going to get my legs to the celebrities .
And I had to help the feet off the leg , and it was very painful to me .
Because it causes me very nervous , to improve the service .
And in addition to that , they went out , and I was in the middle of the Himalayas , and it was a rectangle .
It 's in front of my mailbox .
So , every time I smoke , I 'll hear the sound of thunder , you know , that sound , it 's very high .
It causes me more nervous .
And I had no way to reduce the license .
In general , what I 'm talking about is 38 times a minute , and when I breathe into the breath , it 's going to be a very unusual one .
This time , it 's about 120 times a minute , and they never fall down .
In the five minutes , I was mad enough attempts to reduce the footprints .
I was just like , " I 've got to get closer and closer .
I 'm going to fail , I 'll fail . "
And I was more nervous .
It 's all about half a minute until it 's over half a minute .
It was the same time as the center of London .
High - Fi is eating plankton .
When I got to 50 minutes , I was about eight minutes and I would n't succeed .
I ca n't do it .
And then I thought , I 'd like to take a whole hour to do this underwater , and if I fail to fail , it would be a kind of a comment that I failed when I work .
So , I found myself in the best way , until I did it until it was , at least , that they could take me out of a ditch .
And I kept working on 10 minutes , and I started with this very powerful eye and toes of the ages .
And I know that it 's blood flow , and the blood vessels are going down to a very important organ .
In 11 minutes , I started feeling a little bit of legs , and it felt odd .
When I was 12 minutes , I started doing it , and the arm started screaming .
I 'm an depressed patient , and I remember any kind of blend heart .
So I started fiddling with it .
And in the original 13 minutes , maybe it 's a depression .
I feel the chest chest .
It 's gone .
In 14 minutes , I have a powerful desire , and desire to breathe .
In the 15th minutes , I had a heart attack .
The heart starts with blood vessels .
It 's 12 , down to 50 , 50 to 40 , 20 , to 150 .
And then suddenly it goes down and down .
And the dawn starts , and it stopped . And I felt this happened .
I 'm sure I 'm a heart attack .
So , in 16 minutes , I put my feet off because I know if I really want to leave the water , or the wind , they 're going to get rid of the dry heart , and I 'm on the wheel , so I am very nervous .
I took my feet off , and I started cutting up the body .
But I did n't get out of the water .
And I just waited , I wait for my fingers -- waiting for ...
You know , they had the doctors sitting there and waiting for me .
Suddenly , I heard it .
And I 'd like to do something crazy , like I die , and so on .
And I suddenly realized that I went to 16 : 32 !
And every one of the people in this room gave me my energy and I decided to keep it .
I maintain , 17 seconds .
And even though it 's not enough , I went back to the lab , and they were able to collect blood vessels in the laboratory as well as I was going to test them and I could get them out of them .
Of course I do n't want any doubt .
And I created it , and I certainly wanted to know that it was a <unk> .
And the next day I went to New York , and I had a kid where I came out -- I was walking " apple . "
And I said , " How ? "
He said , " Well , if you really could be alone , why do you do it from the water ? "
I do n't react to what ? "
And this is my life . You look ...
As a magician , I tried to show you something that seemed impossible .
I think magic , regardless of the swim , or a pair of cards , is very simple .
It 's practice , trained , and ... and that 's practicing , training , to try to do everything that they can do .
That 's the magic for me . Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/eve_ensler_embrace_your_inner_girl.html
Autonomy and we share one new kind of commercial ads and some effect .
business , climate change , design , entertainment , global issues , humor , media , sports
<unk>
Christopher Mary said , " Be good for the environment .
Greatness is a great idea , and we need great creativity .
Talk about it . The great idea of creativity is staggering , inconceivable and gait .
Greatness is a great idea to spread and protect freedom and freedom to look at it .
The great creativity can take the focus , and the loss of loss is damaged .
Greatness , the great creativity of creativity allows the politicians to make a fuss about .
It allows war to be a tragedy , and it can make it antisocial .
creativity is also a creator of culture , for example , to put all kinds of symbols in our shirt and create a little bit of gold .
It 's what 's going to be used for us to point out how to cross the moral value of a moral language ?
Science means intelligence , but the great creativity is not the magic of magic , and we need this magic .
And this is what it takes now .
Our climate change is so fast , too fast .
The great creative need of creativity is going to be used to make it happen to inspire a lot of creative statements to do it .
Narrator : A creative idea to attract us with very popular creative ideas .
And here 's a kind of idea that it came from a conference where I participated , and it uses creativity to inspire people to do the environment .
Narrator : You know , today I 'm going to give up driving , choose walking .
Narrator : He really chosen the walk , and he saw something interesting .
And these strange things are great , and he 's just not seen it .
A leg of legs and a half - legged bike .
A couple of them and their bicycle bike had a big wall .
And he went down . It was a woman in front of him .
It 's a woman who has taken him from here , and he 's wearing his heart .
She was a little bigger .
And in fact , her age is pretty big .
She had her passion for his passion .
And he said , " You know , he 's called " Adorable . "
" Do n't tell me , " She said the name was his name .
" I know somewhere between 300 yards here , there 's a tent in front of a tent . "
" Let 's get it to lunch , right in the tent . "
♫ Sobule : She 's got a broken clothing , and she moves the other leg .
She went into her body , and she had a picture of her , she took her photo , because she was a sexually Klein system , but it was an impostor .
It 's all about two and a half years .
They 're happy with their lives .
And this is all because he decided to walk the results of the day .
PH : We 've got science , we 've been involved in science .
It 's a moral code .
We need great creativity to handle this , and it makes it easy .
Just to connect it , and everybody wants to act .
So this is one of the TED TED community .
Let 's get a role to work on climate change .
Let 's do it . Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/al_gore_on_averting_climate_crisis.html
It 's about 10 minutes of passion and talk to the countries that are trying to reconstruct the country , to finance a lot of economic investors , and the scale of innovative creative policy , the conversation with TED Chris Anderson .
behavioral activism , business , corruption , culture , development , economics , global issues , investment , philanthropy , finance , shopping , poverty , third world
Three
Yves Behar on how to reconstruct the Afghan War
" The concept of RHex , as American philosopher , was a long time ago , through discussion and discussing and discuss .
If we were convinced the assumption of anti - destructive assumptions , avoid not the unexpected self , we would have to be able to discuss it .
This is the kind of spirit that I 've been involved with , and this is what I 'm talking about , how we get to the top of the time , and how it 's going to lead to the country of investment .
First of all , our assumption is that capitalism has reached 150 years of development , democracy .
And if we look at the world in 1945 , and then looking at capitalism , the political system and democracy , they 're just not the mainstream .
But the current problem is that capitalism and what the democracy is about , the democracy of democracy .
But we have to recognize that this is the result of what 's going on .
Narrator : Narrator : It has to be applied to a action because every moment it 's overcome us .
And it has to be , regardless of what we 're thinking about , or short - term , consensus that can allow us to move forward .
But most parts of the world are not benefiting from capitalism , and not from democracy .
Most countries in the world are thinking about the U.S. " America , " as a kind of focus , as an eye - based balance , not for the rights and justice institutions .
See from capitalism , it 's about two different aspects of the world .
First of all , resources are resources .
And the blood 's work , the owner of the stone , the owner of the cushions , is the wind from the wind .
Second is technology aid .
The technology of technology and you do n't want to be different , but it 's the most immediate form of the world 's face of suffering in developing countries .
Think about a couple of people who are involved in building their ability to build 15 dollars a day , and they ca n't get independent thinking .
And the second , of course , I 'm about six months ago , and there are also eight of these people who recommend we 're not living in three different worlds .
It 's a .
Simple .
We 're not working with the implications of our world .
That means , if we want to have a world , this world is not going to be able to build a lot of hell , and then it 's a lot of defense for it .
We finally have to think about what a world 's world is , and what is the relationship between power and accountability and the accountability of the world .
Otherwise we 're going to lose this history in the form of the political and economic form , and that 's what we see in politics and economics .
What about these three organizations ?
We have three key themes : economic society , citizens and countries .
And I do n't really have the two to say that it 's not going to be the transition to assume that the hypothesis is to go from one to another .
In the economics of economics , in the most talented university , there was no way I could say it was completely impossible .
My country is being controlled and manipulated .
This is not in the economics of the page , and I do n't have any suggestions at all .
Our knowledge of knowledge is the first foundation , rather than the model of mathematics , and , of course , I 'm not a skeptic .
My colleagues in Hong Kong was the best .
Second , do n't just go back to the point where the structure of a country 's structure is , why ca n't we just simplify it , and to discuss the 21st century ?
Slim - bodied , I 'm writing a book that we hope to be able to have more communication and sharing . Number three , we can actually build a rectangle , and the third thing is , if we 're actually going to make a model , you can adjust the other places .
So what does this make ?
We have 10 examples .
Narrator : It 's the convergence of the violence , the dynamics of management investing , and the management sector is safe to fund the infrastructure , by controlling the institution , in the developing world , where the sector 's created -- the industry is the most important , but the thing is that the laws of politics , the most important , is the importance of law .
I 'm not going to get to that .
I wish they could give me a chance .
And this is a practical goal because the assumption I do n't think we know how to deal with this .
Anybody thinking about the German today today , or democracy , if you look at the point from Oxford 's Oxford perspective .
But the people in Oxford who were ready to be ready for an emergency program , and it was a success .
There are lots of other examples .
Now , to do this , we have to rethink the definition of capital .
One of the most extreme forms of capital is that the money is about capital -- money .
It 's not that money in many developing countries ca n't do capital .
It 's just money .
It 's because it lacks the mechanism , the dynamics of organizing , to shift it into capital .
And what it requires is physics and prestige , the combination of self - interest , of course , is the most important , and the information is .
Now , the problem that we should worry about , and also I hope to give you a challenge that you need to have 16 years to create an operator .
I grew up in 20 years .
The first challenge is to try and rethink the problem of thinking about the modern problem .
Do we need to repeat what we 're all about ?
Our education system is in the 19th century .
To radically rethink , what is it that we need to do with a project that is so fast that it 's so fast in this capital system ?
Most people in the world are in 20 years , and they 're becoming more faster .
They need different ways of doing different kinds of ways . It 's different .
This is first .
Second , you 're a problem problem , but you do n't have your global responsibility .
You 've crossed the terrorist .
You want to see the environment .
But you do n't have a problem with a terrorist problem , and who can you see ?
You do n't take a plan for development .
You 're great designers , but your design is selfish .
It 's just to do it for you .
In my world , I 've been working with these filters , or the design of the car , and these designs have been spent over 60 years .
It 's not right . We need to think about it .
But more importantly , what we need is your imagination , using imagination to solve a way of doing it .
And the role of this is a long time ago , Thomas Friedman , and his job is the interior of the concept , the new development of development .
And I hope that this organization can be used to tackle the problems of government and countries , and to give the world a lot of poverty in power .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : Well , Mr. Heifetz , you know , until the last time you 've been in Afghanistan , and this is a country in the world of World War II .
Can this country be done ?
Could democracy beat up ? What makes you the best ?
Christopher <unk> : " Well , I 'm scared , you , it 's not your partner for you . "
You ask me , you know , I 've always given a lot of gold .
No . But it 's really clear that Afghanistan has to be seen as a leader , or at least 10 to 20 years of view .
Today , globalization is speeding up .
It 's been cut .
The space is not there for most people .
But in my world , you know , when I was 23 years later , the space was formed .
All the social structures are damaged .
I traveled , and I had to spend three hours of urban cities right now .
So , first of all , when measured standards , we need to recognize that the infrastructure is so simple , and it needs to be six years of time .
In our world .
All kinds of things are meaningful .
But focused on what the focus is today , what 's going to happen tomorrow ?
Secondly , when a country has been one of the most pervasive , drunk forces , we 've reached 10 years , and we have 10 , more and more powerful people .
Narrator : Every Mexican will think of the sky as a fear of fear .
We 've almost been diagnosed with extinction .
And then there are thousands of people who are trained to be trained , and what 's happening .
In America , United Kingdom was added for thousands of dollars to train a million people to adopt and against terrorism .
How do you take a bicycle tool to a leader .
How do you take a cup , a brush , anything like that .
It 's the same thing .
So , when violence is in a country , like Afghanistan , because there 's this traditional tradition .
But we have to understand that we 've been very lucky .
I mean , I ca n't believe how lucky I 'm going to get to the here , standing in front of you .
When I became an analyst in Tanzania , I thought I would live more than five years of potential .
Dangerous existence , but it 's worth it .
I think the reason I can do it , and what I 'm thinking is , is it 's the people .
You know , because I give you a data .
In the men of Afghanistan , the women of the woman , they hear at least three to a half G channels .
You know , the complexity of this world is , I say , they 're better than the people in the United States , and the Europeans are going to be very important because it 's all about them .
And what 's the most general fear ?
Try .
The Afghan War has been totally built .
You know , when I was in 2001 , I did n't want to work with Afghanistan , because I 'm a country .
I told them -- my people , and Americans in the U.S.
Yes , I have a pottery in the United Nations .
I went through 10 Afghanistan in a very quickly pace .
And everyone told me that this is a different world .
You know , they 're involved .
They see international intervention , and it 's essential to the future of these people .
And what 's common about the most common Afghan majority of Afghanistan is this , so I talked about a woman who has been trained to educate the woman in Afghanistan .
And that woman said she does n't care if she had a food tank .
She was concerned about whether the future was planned , and her baby could have a different life .
This gave me hope .
CA : How do Afghanistan have a lot of money in the workforce ?
Narrator : Of course , first of all , do n't spend a lot of money on drugs , and it was , in fact , putting money to a group of security companies , they put it in half a few of the world 's largest business companies .
The key to eradicating medicine .
See , there 's a fact that there is a place where the legal force is not producing a drug in 1,000 dollars .
Second , it 's one .
Trade is the key , not protecting it .
American and Europe should be used for us .
The industry is very dynamic .
If you want to give us the ability to compete with China and attract investment to invest , we might be able to be very stiff for 60 billion dollars , if it 's a lot of work .
The Greeks ca n't do it with the wind , but the shirt will .
And we need to know that it 's a kind of vegetarian .
As a matter of fact , a common Afghanistan has been lost .
This is very important , and the most important international innovation for people who have been working on them .
They do n't want to sell a charity for philanthropy , and it 's going to take the same hand over and over again .
We need to work with Italy .
Yes , we have the best in the world !
Why do n't we do something with Italy ?
Can we get into the system ?
So I think that the economy , the key question is how to think about it .
I 'm here to say that aid does n't use it .
You know , aid systems are bad .
It 's not just the verb , it 's the ability .
I am a celebrity charity ; I 've mentioned a lot of them .
And yes , I 'm trying to convince the world about 100 million dollars to my country .
They did n't want to give us money .
CA : Do n't you ?
Man : No . Not not .
It 's just one dollar - dollar investment , and I think , at least 20 dollars , it creates forces to look at .
Second , one dollars may be a $ 10 , or 20 cents or four dollars .
And it depends on what it means , and it could fit the level of the ground .
You know , aid systems were first for incentives , not for money , rather than poor countries .
And this is a assumption : like a hypothesis , we 've taken from government and doors .
You might think that the U.S. government does n't think American companies need to do it in developing countries , but they need to make suggestions .
The face of face is a history of history , and this is now going to be bombarded by dengue .
And if the goal is to be able to take care of it , they 're fair , and I 'm fair to get this proposition , you know , I do n't know if I want to do it for a country -- aid has to stop in every country .
Every year , the gap between income and economic growth has to flourish progress .
If it 's an effect , you will not keep the same reply .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sirena_huang_dazzles_on_violin.html
We 've learned climate change in 50 years , but we do n't have the top side side of the street , and the Google Foundation is saying , " Well , even if there 's a couple of other frustrating trends , it 's not even the case .
climate change , culture , global issues , health , sports , peace
<unk>
Larry Breazeal on optimism
I 'm going to share with you a little bit about the world that we 're looking at , and the challenge of our lives and then I 'll ask us to do a lot of optimism on the problem .
And I would tell you a secret , which is why I 'm a moral conceit .
We start from Al Gore , and some of you have seen it .
You all see " Inconvenient Truth , " but it might be a little more uncomfortable .
... this is dangerous problem .
Because , for all of us , we 've never learned what 's going on .
Even today , humans might have changed the Earth 's climate change , and it 's all from human nature .
Every year , the factory of factory and the railroad industry has been done in 60 million dollars , and it makes the atmosphere more absorbent from the sun , so we 're going to be very warm .
Is this bad news ?
In addition to estimate , even the surface temperature goes down to the wind , and the wind blows the winds .
And if this happens , it 's going to be a lot of the area that 's going to fall on the south of the Himalayas , right ?
By the time , in the bottom of the glass , we 'll be able to see the clutter of Chicago , and it 's going to be the equivalent of five feet , at the end of Miami , in Miami .
We 'll meet more than ever before , and we 'll see more different organisms .
Looking at this , we should be a bit mad , or ought to be sad ? We 've been predicting this in 50 years , but we do n't have any interventions ?
And here 's what you 're looking at .
I thought , at least I would go back to the birthplace of Gandhi .
And then , people asked you what you 're doing is right or wrong , or the wrong answer ? The answer is , " You 're going to think about the most poor people , and you can ask them , if you want to get them to benefit them .
If it 's a good thing , if you 're not , you 've got to think about it .
And for people in this room , we have to think about the most poor , biggest , low - power people , and we need to consider the community , culture and the whole world .
And the people who live in the middle of our inner city tend to be the poorest , most freest , and it might make us feel very overwhelmed .
But at the same time , we see a wonderful picture .
Let 's talk about two aspects . First of all , the trend changes .
Now , there are about two to three degrees of square degrees .
This will cause sea level rise , sea water .
It 's the biggest damage to poor people and the liberties of the poor .
And even though we were lucky enough to survive , the majority of the population was predicted , at least in this decade , not 200 billion people on this planet , but the amount of food that we consume is that the food population is really about 200 million .
What we consume is so many of us , so we have the generation of our generation , and the population is going to fly down to nine to seven billion , that will make the first one , the most low - power people to be the biggest pedestrian .
And that 's why they look at cities .
And this year , there 's a couple of people living in cities , and it 's the first time in the city of human species , the first time .
The rural areas are no longer as common as usual .
This is Africa 's Africa .
And that 's what the plumbers are , the payload , and the <unk> , we 're very hard to find a little bit of a small piece of water , and we can make it as much as 15 years ago . "
In other words , humans like eating meat .
And the last year , Homo Africans eat six and a half million cows , and they eat 20 percent of the mountain vessels .
You know , there are thousands of tons of meat in the jungle that have tens of millions of new organisms who have never been diagnosed , and we do n't know .
Maybe they could be a leader of a new pandemic , and we 're going to take advantage of what 's going on , which is the new new diseases , the more new diseases .
And also , the economic growth of technology .
And most of us are all of this growth of growth , but it 's also the dark side of the world , and the other things that are going to be in the same way that people are connected to the form of people who are mosquito - based .
And as the globalization of globalization continues , this process is going to be a tremendous amount of dengue , and the world is more energetic than ever before .
One percent of the population depends on 40 percent and services .
If we 're in the next 30 years , all the people who live in poverty come up from a billion to 30 billion , what happens ?
One percent of people are going to be more than 40 percent , and the services are actually not more profitable , but because the rest of the world is getting poorer .
Last week , 11 percent of the TED Prize said , " This is a situation that has never been attained , not fair , non - corrosion . "
So it turns out it 's kind of a profound cause .
Darfur , the crisis of terrorism is basically a resource system .
And last year , the average act of the last day , nine days later , is going to require a force to interfere with .
Most of them are to fight resources .
We 're interested in unprecedented crisis .
Some of the things about weather , some of them are about people .
And those emerging diseases are going to make the rise of floating and avian flu , which is even more larger than the Big ones .
And what 's happening in the past is not a different story , and it 's all about YouTube , all over the world , you 're going to see it on YouTube and your cell phones .
What 's going to happen ?
For some people , it means anger , religion , no religious violence and terrorism .
In other words , it means to be suicide , ridiculed and depressed .
But what does this mean for us and entrepreneurs ?
Can we see this trend , whether we get depressed ?
Let 's take a look at the example of delegation .
First of all , even human populations are going to stop today , the trend of global warming still continues .
You can see that the blue lines are going to be the growth of greenhouse gases , and today it 's completely damaging to the next 10 years that we 're still going to see the sea level .
The most pessimistic estimate is about 20 to 30 inches , but it might be a decade .
What changes the change ?
So let 's take a look at this here .
70 percent of the agricultural land is just about five feet .
Let 's look at the Rift Valley .
And what we 're looking at is the breakup of the climate warming , and the rain ice melts more , more than a place where it disappears in the forest , where the land is n't going to absorb rain , because the wind will not absorb the dust because it 's porous .
Okay , let 's go through the southern hemisphere and look at Antarctica .
And I think many of you should be an accident .
We 've been waking up south , and until we look at this , we 'll see what 's going on here : the north valley is going to be going up and down , but the south sea is growing in southern Asia .
And if you look at it , the top one is the one .
So come from the Houston store , look at this three - dimensional image .
We 'll find that the surface is going to be 20 to 40 inches , and it 's coming from the beaches of the Himalayas , and then look at this .
There 's going to be a hundred - dozen members that go out and get to India and China .
And this is the challenge of one of these countries .
If you look forward to global , look at the amount of people who are carrying the population of these islands , you see , sea level change our lives .
Whether it 's sub - Saharan - ocean , or in the middle of the corners of us , we 're here .
We 're really happy .
And that 's not just what 's going on into some of these people .
It 's happening every single one of us .
And what happens is that these strains are not going to hear about it 20 years ago , and the Rover Rover , the water Rover , the Rover .
And also , as people are protected with the animal 's green community , we live in every virus of everyone .
Can you imagine ? 20 years ago , nobody else knows the Nile .
And then we looked at the first iteration of the day in the United States , and every year we went back to every year .
Do you know what ? There is a hundred million people in Central Africa who do n't hear this virus before .
Unfortunately , it 's all beginning .
In the past 30 years , 30 new strains of infectious flu are first known to the animal , and then entering to the body .
It 's a lot of liberation .
But let 's look at optimism .
Good bad news ? Sure enough . People get a challenge .
Now , look at the list of what the crime lists can understand .
Do n't we have a dilemmas ? We 've been frightened and forks , but there are some people -- but some of you -- maybe you 're going to -- you know , a little bit of that -- a lot of the people that you have -- and it 's a kind of " Winky Social responsibility , " and that 's what 's going on in the process of being a researcher , and his hope and the joy , the <unk> , his wish , who has to do it .
We saw that smallpox disappeared .
We might see polio in this year .
Last year , it 's about 2,000 cases .
And last year we could see the stars who were caught in the world now , and there was a total of 35 million cases .
200,000 years ago , 8,000 people infected this virus .
We also know a new kind of epidemic , and it 's a pandemic - lapse epidemic in the past 30 years .
His name is " Capgras syndrome . "
It 's a very interesting thing .
See , we saw a lot of young people who were infected with this syndrome .
But the way they spent money was their parents never thought .
They do n't wait until they 're going to build the foundations .
They 're making their money , resources and their jobs , and they make it work better .
You can say , there 's no other thing to give you a little more optimistic .
There 's a kind of a movement that 's going on in the 1960s , and I just grew up at the beginning .
We all think of ourselves as part of the world , and we think a better world is in the front , the violence and the resistance world .
Today , we see another movement . The purpose of the campaign is saving Earth .
Now it 's just right now .
Five weeks ago , from a group of active clinicians , a lot of activity came together to stop the mines , and the power of the defense is going to destroy the environment because the power produces the system .
Six months ago , it was a very large amount of active health support in California , which was the most significant thing in the environment , and it 's the most important legislation in the environment .
Al Gore 's identity in the workforce
Can you imagine anything ?
We saw science and religion united because they saw climate warming , and it was incredible for a few years ago .
Now there are 40 members of the transportation movement .
That 's worth optimistic .
In the twentieth century , the 20th century is a great breakthrough , and it allows us to see the horizon .
4 months old , that 's going to be the equivalent of thousands of active products in the U.S.
I learned , I know , seven months in the world , there would be a <unk> planet in the world .
You can even feel that the air is going to save the Earth 's spaceship Earth .
But all of this does n't mean that they all understood a little bit about climate warming , and it 's the poor and Congress .
It 's all just saying that people are taking the first step to maintain their own interests .
But I also see some of these big foundations , like stock teams , 40 million brothers Foundation Foundation , Houston Corporation , <unk> , and Google Foundation -- and it 's going to be the same thing that we ca n't get to avoid climate warming , because the consequence of the consequences of climate change is the biggest part of that .
But for me , I have some reason to make me optimistic .
And you 've heard a lot of the interesting stories here , and I 'd heard it last night , I want to share my own story .
I 'm not a duck .
And I used to live in Austin in San Francisco , who had a very smart person , and he took me to Maine and I told me , my mission was to work for the next time to help them get the case of the smallpox that they had to get to the eradication of smallpox , but it was n't that these programs were n't in the case of those programs .
Today , we actually approached this goal , and it makes me optimistic because smallpox was one of the most dreaded diseases .
In the last century , it 's about seven million years ago , because the incidence of malaria is more likely to die than all of the deaths of smallpox , and the toll of war is much more than any other disaster .
In 1967 , there were two million people dying because they killed smallpox .
David 's 11 years .
And when you read " The Bible , " you know , you 're reading the title of the puzzle , and you should know that it 's going to be the case of Miss infection .
The bottom line is because malaria is dead .
In order to kill smallpox , we brought the U.N. back in the largest force .
We went to Buenos Aires on the door of India , and we asked them if someone was infected with smallpox , which was a six - year - old .
In our minute , we 're going to collect a critical importance of smallpox , and this is what you 're supposed to learn as a social entrepreneur , which is how the last piece is done .
And when we 're approaching the eradication of smallpox , it causes the reason why the marketing blows the lottery , and they 're going to get to work for jobs .
And unfortunately , they went into a place where smallpox was spreading into smallpox , and then went back to the home to death .
Narrator : A few hundred countries brought into the other three countries .
We have to keep it out .
But finally , the last one : the final smallpox : she 's the girl , and she is called the Personal Genome Club , who lived in Houston -- and when she was in the middle of the Cold War , 1945 , it was the most dreaded and the sun was dead , which means that the worst strains of transmission -- that would mean the best virus of history .
Listen , do n't you feel guilty about it ?
And this virus has tens of thousands of people in India , and there 's a lot of population that makes it blind .
For us , most importantly , we built a connection .
It 's from 30 different countries , and different religions , social , different colors , doctors , health care , whatever it is , it 's not just the enemy , we 're not going to be tone - free .
Do n't you relegate you to the future ?
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/joshua_walters_on_being_just_crazy_enough.html
In a calculus salon , the mathematics of mathematics has developed a early theme in 1984 , and he talks about the theme of the previous theme -- extreme complexity and mathematics to look at the complex shape of order .
Good .
<unk>
Kevin Friedman : The art of fractals and rough
Thank you very much .
And I sat down . I was old .
What I 'm talking about is a little bit weird , because it 's old .
Rough diagrams are part of the human life . The ancient writers wrote it .
It 's completely sterile . It looks very , very complicated , a chaotic , stiff , chaotic .
Created a lot of different chaos .
So , literally by accident , I 've been working on this complicated study for a couple of years ago , and I 'm really surprised -- I find -- it 's very clear that I have to say -- ultra - reflection .
Today , I want to show you a couple of examples of reference .
And I like to say that the word " intense " is not " <unk> " because it 's like a young person , and the people like me -- the rule of the rules -- is " rule . "
It 's not .
The rules are called Ultra - shattering , because the world is very rough .
So let me just give you a few things .
Some of them are tricks .
Some of them are very real .
And this is a real thing . It 's a celebrity system .
Why do I show a cup , a very common and old vegetable ?
Because although it 's old , it was very complicated , and it is very simple .
If you want to call it the weight of it , of course , it 's easier when you eat , and what you care about is weight , but if you 're trying to measure it .
So , it 's very interesting .
If you take a toe with a ski ring , you look at it , and you see it 's going to look a little Rover , just a blade .
And then you go back and forth , and the Rover is , you know , Steve Jurvetson , <unk> , and you get a little bit of a rock .
And in the experience of human experience , there are some kind of patterns that are sort of weird , and each component is just a little bit smaller .
Now , what do we do ?
Very small .
And what I actually do is actually study this problem , and I found a really surprising thing .
We can measure the numbers , we can use a digital readout , and there 's a number of numbers .
One day , I was a friend of mine , and he said , " What 's the top curve ? "
I said , " Okay , little and less . "
It 's the water .
It does n't work very well .
I watch these things a long time .
These are the numbers of these stars .
I 'd like to say that these surfaces are completely involuntary .
It 's made of computers . The only input is a number . That 's the number one .
And on the left - hand side of the street , it 's encoded in many landscapes .
On the right hand , I 've taken a lot more .
It 's a very good area for the eyes of these two .
Human beings have to understand the measurable measurements .
This is very crude , this is a smooth , very smooth .
Very smooth stuff .
So if you want to ask : How much of the Earth 's surface is ?
Well , you repeatedly measure .
It 's more accurate to measure the amount of value , more and less , very small ones .
What 's the dry length of temperature that 's going on ?
You measure the more accurate and the result .
The notion of the shoreline seems to be that nature looks like natural , in many cases , but in fact , it 's totally wrong . There 's no thing .
You have to do it for the way .
Do you know what the benefits are ?
And what 's amazing about it is that it 's good for it .
First of all , artificial landscape -- I invented -- it used to be used in the movie .
We looked at the farther legs .
They might be the mountain , it might just be a formula , that 's what it is .
It 's very easy to do .
It 's been very difficult , but it 's not .
Now look at this , this is a real lungs .
The lungs are very strange things .
If you take it on your hand , you know it 's very small .
What 's the size of the lungs ? But the lung area ?
That 's a lot of fun .
Some people say a normal man , which is equivalent to a area where the size of a cup .
Some say , no , five stars .
It 's not that big .
Why ? Because the main definition of the lungs is very impressive .
The branches of the boat , the hull , branches , are not because they do n't have the processor because it 's the rule of physics .
If you have a big lungs , it produces a branching , and what would it do ?
So what 's good ?
They were able to be shocking enough to get people to do it until it was recently , until the structure of the lung .
I think my mathematics , paradoxically , to study the surgeon 's surgeon , helping a whole lot of them , and there are a couple of these structures , but it does n't have a geometric structure .
So I found myself , and I was in other words , with this kind of geometric structure , built geometry .
And the amazing thing is , it 's often a lot of prestige .
Your equations are so long .
You put it down a number of times .
And sometimes they need another iteration , and then the same iteration .
Finally , you get something like this .
It 's completely irrelevant , and it 's 100 percent .
Okay , Steve .
And the only one is a number of digits , and it 's a mosquito - based adhesive , which is from nature .
And the complexity of this is so complex and unstable , so it should be a simple rule .
The simple rules are not a little explanation .
The northern hemisphere has to think about it .
I do n't know how many of these images are , they 're old .
I was very interested in studying them , but then my focus turned into other phenomena .
Here 's another interesting thing .
And one of the things that happened was that there were n't many people who were convinced it was about 130 years ago .
Mathematicians start to create invisible shapes .
Mathematicians are a little bit uneasy , and even in some sense , the human being invented the things that nature does n't know .
In fact , humans can develop the curve of the Open airplane .
curve is curved , the airplane is a airplane , and it does n't connect .
Oh , they asked .
A man named Nobu Genome Atlas is a kind of fun object .
It 's very important , but the more interesting thing is because it causes the mathematics of mathematics , from the real mathematics and the color of the human brain .
So , I 'm sorry that it 's a very , very simple human brain , and it actually ends up all over the place .
So here I 'm going to show you a little bit of a airplane gallery .
So it 's a story .
And that was a very , very good time in October , and a mathematics of mathematics in the world .
In the mathematics of mathematics and in the way , I was a kid and a student as a matter of example -- where I totally pulled them down to him .
And I want to describe some of these things that are natural complexity .
So , in 1957 , a guy named Christopher Kennedy showed a number one , which is a mathematical joke , and I found that this was a good measure .
When I first introduced it to my math friend , they said , " Do n't make a difference . That 's one . "
Actually , I do n't ignore .
The big Japanese guy knows very well .
The ground is the algae .
He did n't understand mathematics ; he was n't mathematics .
He was Japan , and he did n't touch the Western culture .
But he had a long series of similarities .
And I told this to be a long time .
There 's also a bulldozer pathway .
I read Mr. Heifetz 's book about his book , and he knew exactly what was going on .
This is a violin maker .
One day I decided that I was working in my career , and I 'd been working on top of my work and decided to test myself .
Can I find some of the dramatic discoveries in each person ?
So I looked at these things called " The Purpose - Driven phenomena . "
I play it a little bit later , and I 'll put it back to the airport .
And I said to my grandmother , " Do n't see anything . Can you draw it ? "
And he drew it out , and it meant he was all in the room . He said , " Well , what 's going on ! ♫ ♫ Get away ! Get off ! Do n't stop !
I saw , this is a island island . "
Amazing .
So the third thing is , it 's going to be two and a half , right ?
I measured it .
Again .
It 's a long measure of measuring , big stars .
math problem : How do you prove it ?
My friend was 20 years old .
And three people get a complete proven .
And they went together to study this .
So they got a mathematical award , one of three - dimensional advertisement , for example , to reward people to see other people , but the people who ca n't prove it .
And you all ask me , " How did this happen ?
What makes you try this weird undertaking ? "
What permits me as a Warner engineer , a mathematician and an mathematician , and so on .
Well , it 's odd , and I actually start looking at the price of research .
So I came up with this theory and wrote a book about it , financial prices .
What you see on the left is a data data .
In the right , you see a very , very stiff theory .
It 's easy , you can read a lot of books very quickly .
There are thousands of written books .
Now let 's compare it to the actual price .
What 's the price ?
And these curves include the actual power and my <unk> .
And the idea is that people have to be able to say , how can the power change ?
It worked great about 50 years ago .
And 50 years ago , people were a little bit embarrassed because they could do it easily .
But I had to say , I 'm going to be listening to me now .
These two curves are hot . The standard blue line is the blue one , and the red one is cutting down the standards of the wall .
It 's harmful , so all the prices are always going to put them on the side .
" Oh , yeah .
You do n't have a good vine .
Researcher : It 's the same thing in this picture , and the five things are equally important .
In other words , <unk> is not supposed to be put on the side .
It 's a matter of meat .
And if you do this , you get the price . If you ca n't do it , then you can do a little bit of noise . But it does n't matter .
So , this is the curve .
Now , the last thing I 'm talking about is a collection of names .
It 's a story of my life .
My childhood was in the early France .
Because I think I might be in a single day or a week or a week .
War , I saw my uncle .
My uncle is a very famous mathematician , and he told me , " You know , there 's a problem , I 've spent 25 years ; it does n't solve it .
This is a guy named Juliet and a man named Carrie .
If you could have any new discovery , you 'd get your business . "
It 's very simple .
So I looked at the tooling , like tens of thousands of people , and I did n't find anything .
And then the computer came out , and I decided to study computer and not new mathematics -- for example , this is a question -- it 's a new problem .
And I was called " The Eagle Song , " which is a little bit of the point , and it 's scrotal .
The shape is very complex .
The equation is hidden there , and it 's going to be the latter line .
It is so simple . It 's very simple .
It does n't mean it .
Now you put it together and twice , and you get two magic points up .
I mean this appeared .
I do n't want to explain this stuff .
This is what it came out .
How complex , how beautiful and beautiful .
And it came out , and it went down and down .
And so this is a major discovery that I found , and I found these islands and the whole shape of the whole form .
So you get these amazing towers everywhere .
All of these are tiny principles from this .
And then this one .
Add color with two reasons .
First of all , because the shape is so complex that people can not recognize these numbers .
If you want them , you have to choose some systems .
So my principle is always opening different colors , because some color dots are color , and some colors .
Very complicated .
In 1990 , I was in Cambridge University .
Narrator : For example , after three days , a pilot found this .
Where come from ?
Clearly , from the aliens .
And Cambridge University in Cambridge , one of the reports of discovery , and the next day , I got 5,000 letters and people said , " That 's just a big piece of paper . "
Okay , let me talk about it .
And the shape is just a practice of a practice .
The miracle miracle was the infinite iteration of rules .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/al_gore_on_averting_climate_crisis.html
In a nutshell , the biological idea of biology described a series of extraordinary trials recently , from an antiangiogenic system to long people , and he believes , " Is n't it supposed to take some of the bottom rules ?
biology , biomechanics , future , genetics , philosophy , science
<unk>
Paul Hoffman : The time for psychology
We 're going to talk about it today , but it 's not what we all talk about .
And what I 'd like to discuss is that those are the things that are currently happening in our scientific business , in terms of the first time in the history of history , and we have the ability to strengthen the organisms , strengthen the animals , to transform the human body .
In the history of our Earth 's history , there 's a massive evolution of evolution .
The first mass of evolution is a evolution of Darwinian evolution .
And that , as you know , organisms live in particular biological environments and special environmental systems , and the environment is going to change the way that they change , through random organisms .
And then the Human Genome Atlas estimates and creates the second mass of evolution , which is that we change the environment of our evolution .
We 're making civilization that change our biological environment .
This is the second mass -- the early stages of 15 years ago -- evolution trends .
By changing our environment , we measure new pressure to provoke our evolution .
Whether it 's through the agricultural society , they 've gone through social society and we 've changed our evolution .
Now we 're entering a third of the third mass of evolution , and that evolution has a lot of hype : consciousness evolution develops evolution -- and the intelligence of intelligence is very different from the biological form of our planet .
So I 'd like to take you through a evolution trip and then talk about some of the things that we 're talking about for us , and also for our civilization .
Now we actually have a long time .
We started with choice for thousands of years ago .
If you think about the dog as a matter of example , dogs are Alzheimer 's .
There 's no dog on the earth .
The dog is our tendency to selectively selective .
But we have to use a very difficult way to choose the offspring of those characteristics to feed them .
We never do it in this .
This is a gecko 's nest .
Dusty cattle are the bedrock of sugar and sugar .
They 're now studying them , and they 're probably going to be very quickly , you 'll eat your local supermarket .
This is the head of the wing , the goats , the payload ones .
And the guy who created this cute little scientist , and they ended up eating it .
And I remember they said it tasted the opposite .
This is a sneak preview .
This is the camel 's son , yes , for example , to try to make the powder of a camel and the right part of it .
They 're used to use some of the environment .
This is a sneak preview .
The largest cats in the world -- lion , tigers .
It 's more than a tiger .
In this case , it 's actually been observed in the wild environment .
But these are the creatures that are created by fractal feeding and genetic technology .
And then finally , the most favorite one .
There 's no one who 's been modified ; they 're real creatures .
And one of the techniques we 've been tinkering with is using gene modification , or gene control , for example , raising the difference between the genetic preservation of the gene to bring genes to the genes , for the amount of factors that we 've been able to get to this point of genetic development , to come up with the development of these genes ?
And if that 's all , it 's a fun thing .
But some more powerful things are happening .
And the normal gene that 's taken out of the Galapagos and extract the gene apart from the deep sea floor .
We all know some of the frozen animals .
Well , they 've already wiped out this gene , and it 's the genetic gene that put it into the animal cell .
This is normal cell cells .
What you see here is the light cell in the dark color .
And once they could use the cells to use cells , they can use organisms .
So they put it on the board , and they put it on the shelf .
Now , Steve Jurvetson , the Fowler mouse shows the green mouse , because a light gene comes from the coral , from a tree .
They put it in pigs .
They put it in the dog 's hand .
And , in fact , they put it in a monkey .
And if you can put it in a monkey -- even from a female to the order of the gene , it 's great for the genes , and if they 're able to make it work , they might think that if it works on the radio , that means that they can work on it .
In other words , the theory may be possible for a long time , and we can create a human technology in a very long way .
It 's more easy to discover that we are in the evening .
In fact , a lot of states are going to go out and buy a pet ticket .
These are perfect . The normal them are black and white .
These are wonderful creatures that are already consolidated to the genes , green , red , and they 're actually in some state .
Other states were banned .
Nobody knows how to do this creature .
The government does n't have a dent in the government -- or the food drugs , the FDA , to control the prey of the gene .
So some of the state decided to allow them to try and determine them .
Some of you may recognize the anxiety of food medicine today .
The Highline on top of it is called the gene dynamic , and the other kind of gene that we eat is a little bit faster than that .
Now food drugs are making the last decision to make the final decision if you can eat this fish -- the fish will be sold .
In this case you 're worried about it , in America , where you buy most of the food in the U.S. , there 's a variety of genes .
So even if you worry about it , we 've allowed it to go into this country -- and no one in the North Pacific -- no one has shown any of it .
These are all the first stars in the world .
In the bottom , it 's the first one , first of the head -- and now in a museum where you have a sample of a library in the museum , and the second one is a collection of <unk> ; the one 's first to beat the cat . The first thing is , you know , the emperor of cats ' cat , which is just the same researcher , but the fourth one -- he does n't have to fill the rest of it , because he argues that he has to liquidate the human cell
He actually is the first one who actually broke the dog , and it 's a very difficult job because the prostate is very strong .
This is the Dubai Symphony .
It 's a backup shield in Italy , and it sucks the community because a lot of the most important negotiations are being kidnapped .
In other words , let them be a scrambled organ that has been moved beyond .
But if you could cripple these horses , you can also have the advantage of deregulation and it 's unique and its unique genome to make its next generation .
These are the first calf of all spawning , all the old stars , and then eventually , ultimately , the First Rover : Oprah , dengue fever , Christopher <unk> and Christopher Gogh .
In other words , we 're starting to save endangered species .
Now there are a lot of things that are made in animals making drugs and everything we want .
And the goats inside the goat is actually filled with the DNA of the gene , so it actually has the milk that actually contains the genetic material of the genetic gene .
And then the pigs of the ocean , the dirty pigs , from the Korean Institute of South Korea , actually , in fact , they actually try to create all the drugs or other industries , and they want to build these kinds of things , rather than using industrial engineering .
Both organisms are creating endangered creatures .
Christopher cows are North Carolina .
A meat cell , body cells , collect out the uterus in a corn , and then put it on a cow .
And the same thing is happening in Houston Island , and it 's a crowded stomach .
It turns out that in a regular bush , it actually creates a interesting biological problem .
We have two DNA .
We have DNA in our own nucleus , and we have the DNA of DNA , but we 've got a DNA supply of cells in the cell .
And this DNA is getting a lot of water from the bed nets .
So , in fact , we 're not going to have a little cow 's cow , but it 's not a glowing piece of wood , and there 's a cow that 's filled with cows , so the cow is the fountain of hairs .
They actually are in fact , but it 's not a priority .
And this has created a problem , if we define biology in the beginning of biological technology -- one that we do n't know how to fix .
These lovely creatures are Asia .
What they do is they put electrodes into it and put it in the head , and it 's in a computer tracking file .
Now , using bed nets , they can send this creature to the lab and then controlling them or put it on the right or to the right .
They 've created a fractal machine or a cow .
It could be more than that . Maybe it might be a little bit better than that .
This is a matter of fact , a very important thing -- the DARPA is the idea of defense to look at it .
These are the songs of the herbs in the wing .
And the back of their back is that they can fly around the lab to fly this creature .
They can make it on the left , and they get it to the right .
They actually ca n't get them out .
They landed on a foot on the ground and then they shut all the equipment back , and they fall out .
But this is the hottest height of their land .
In fact , this technology has been so much like this -- this is a treadmill , and it 's an impostor , which is what they 've done with the antenna and the computer technology , so that 's when it became a unicorn .
And antennae have been in its body , and they put it into their technology and their technique , which they can be turned into a rectangle .
They can put a little camera on their top , and a few days to beat a military device .
This is not just insects .
This is a mouse machine , or a machine called " Machine Band - Prince . "
Again , it contains the problem of technology , electrodes , and it has a camera in its head .
And scientists can get this organism to the left , and it 's going to work .
They can get it across the south , and it 's controlling its distance .
They 've created biological robots .
In San Francisco , MIT , said , " Is this moral ?
We stole this animal . "
I 'll tell you a few minutes later .
This technology uses monkeys .
This is Jamal Engelbart .
And he uses the vocabulary of a lancet fluke , and the brain is able to watch their brains , especially when they move the activity of activity , particularly when their actions move .
Computers learn how to do it in different ways to move its arm .
And then they connect it to a prosthesis , like you can see , put your arm on another room .
Soon , computers learn , through reading , by reading a couple of monkeys , to control the arms of any monkey that do anything .
And then he put a video on a monkey cage that shows the monkeys , and it 's quite fascinating .
The monkey realized whatever she does , and what the limb does .
And then she looked forward to move , and finally , she would stop and looked at the screen and went down to another room and unfolds in the other room -- it meant that there was a male of three of the world 's history -- that means that a monkey species had three independent legs .
It 's not just a celebrity trick that allows us to use animals .
This is Thomas Mann , Thomas Dolby .
It experimented with two million , and six million pounds of neurons -- and these are just split cells in the chip .
They would be connected to the Web , as a whole chip .
He took this as an airplane to fly into mechanical mechanics .
Now we have a biological mixture of how the neurons are connected .
Eventually , Christopher Christopher Sweeney was done , and the independent workings of independent brains .
That 's the brain brain .
It 's alive , and the brain 's brain is filled with electrodes of electrodes , linking your brain sensors and put it into a grid -- and this is what the circuitry 's going to be on -- it 's the size of this brain , which is , when you turn the light up , you can go through the lights and it will go away from the hull of the glass .
It 's a lamp .
Now we have a whole living brain .
Is it a way of thinking about it , and it 's superhydrophobic .
I do n't know , but the truth is that it 's a whole life - based brain , and we try to keep it in our instructions .
So , we 're in a stage where we can build life on our own selves .
This is a mouse that 's created by a fellow from the University of Utah .
And he converted this mouse so that it was a little bit less intelligent , and there is a lot of human being on the inside of it , which is that the ears of the ear have to take off and collect the human body .
In the developing world of evolution , technology exploded technology .
And that 's what we 're doing with this process .
Eventually , shortly before Gagarin had created a synthetic cell , he took a real cell and use DNA , and this is a machine that creates artificial chromosomes and put it into the other cell -- and the one cell is the same cell .
In other words , this is the world of a computer - based creature , and it does n't have a biological sense of meaning .
So , " economists " suggesting the first synthetic and its end end . "
You might think that the biological life will be looked like this .
But in fact , it 's not a look at the Media Lab .
And that 's what 's called the Personal Lab lab .
This is a DNA backup system that has a ring on the bottom , and T , C and G -- that four chemicals came out of our DNA .
So , we need to ask ourselves some questions .
And as the first time in Earth , we can just design organisms directly .
We use it with the power of <unk> , and if we give us a responsibility .
So what can we do ?
Can you make any sense of creatures that we want to do ?
Are we able to design the lives of life ?
Are we going to be having a choice about choice and saying , " Look , I want a dog .
I want it to be the head of a rectangle , and the body body , perhaps some of the hairs , will make it in the dark . "
Do industrial industry creates their roots , blood vessels and other forces and all kinds of other tissues , to produce the drugs that we need and industrial molecules , and the industry is that it can be used ?
Are we creating our lives , causing them to lose freedom of freedom to bring them into our membrane ?
And then finally , once we do this with animals , we 're going to start using the human body , and that 's what we can do with morality ?
This is happening ; it 's not science .
We 're not only using the animal anymore , we 're also beginning to use it .
What we 're talking about is controlling our evolution .
We 're going to design the future of tomorrow 's future .
It gives us a tremendous responsibility , but not just for the question of thinking and dreams and the responsibility of the problem .
It 's a responsibility for every human being , because it has to be the future of what organisms live in this planet .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/joshua_walters_on_being_just_crazy_enough.html
This is what 's called a different kind of color , which is just what we 're talking about in our body and the chemotherapy radiation , and Thomas Darwin has different perspectives , but she thinks it 's because he does n't have a American help .
anthropology , biology , evolution , finance , humanity , sports , science
<unk>
Christopher Sweeney : Agile to the metaphorical color
And what 's interesting about this is Charles Darwin , who is a very simple person who has a skin of color in a dark color .
In his lifetime , Darwin had a tremendous privilege .
He was very wealthy .
His parents gave him a lot of support and care .
In a while , he took off a little bit of wood , and he started a very unusual version .
In the course of this 1955 , he saw a lot of unusual things : plants , animals and species of humans .
And he was in this beautiful journey , and he ended up on his great book -- " The origin of Total species , " published 150 years ago .
And the interesting thing about this book is that even though it 's a little bit more than a human being , there 's just a line of points and a human evolution .
" The origin of human origins and history was introduced . "
After long , after a long time , Darwin really began to really start with the conversation of the human race .
Looking at the experience of a small string , and a lot of stories from the beginning of Foster and bullying , the most important difference between the color of the skin is a critical difference .
He has a little interest in the distribution of skin color .
He knew the people who were in the middle of the skin were always living on the equator , and it was the same thing that he had always lived in the middle of the day and the rest of his life .
Now , what does this mean ?
In fact , he 's in the origin of the species .
But a few years later , in <unk> , he finally came up with his ideas .
One of the ideas is that it 's not the most important thing , and he said , " The difference between the people is most significant . "
And he said , " And the difference between these color and climate change is not a connection . "
He really was the world .
And there are different people who see different colors .
There is no way of thinking about human skin and climate .
And if Darwin has been so good today today .
And if Darwin was about NASA , it was a good one .
One of the wonderful things about NASA is that it 's created all the kinds of satellites that we 've been working on , which is the interesting thing that we 've been able to do .
And in the last decade , there 's a series of stars who have been sending out the data on the Pacific Ocean .
Here we see that the year of the stars , the 99 - year - olds .
And these are the areas of the pink and red and the red areas in the world every year .
And those are very low - resolution color : blue , green , yellow , all the gray , and it shows you a little bit of <unk> radiation .
And what 's interesting about the study of human skin is that most places in the northern hemisphere are the most part of the northern hemisphere .
In this case , it 's a very profound impact on evolution - based evolution .
And Darwin did n't realize that it was the strength of consciousness , or the color of the body , and the skin color was essentially the very nature of nature .
The dark color is the product of evolution .
So when we 're looking at the brain of human beings , the regions of color and based on color , what we see is that there 's a beautiful color moving from the equator to the right edge of the gray sail , and the healthiest color is really the most potent color of a dark color .
And it 's very , very important to be the most early species of human evolution , in the middle of Africa .
We 're called " Jaws , " which is the unwieldy color of color .
We all have this wonderful phenomenon , and it 's all the most primitive , in two million years , with the skin skin .
But then what happened to our history ?
Let 's first take a look at the relationship between a radiation radiation and the surface .
In the early stages of human history -- looking at the equator -- we 're faced with a lot of radioactive radiation .
One of the most energy energy is that , in fact , it 's our atmosphere wreck .
But there is a silver lining , and it 's almost impossible to get rid of the wind .
Some of them are very important .
It 's full of catastrophe , but at the same time , it also extracts the power of the skin , and Alex D is a kind of thing that we really need , helping us , to help our immune system , which is very important to all kinds of things .
So , living in the equator , we 've got a lot of heavy doses of radiation , and we 're very , very complex in our skin and the age of our ancient , ancient natural membrane .
The amazing thing about this is that it 's in a lot of organisms .
It might be possible to have a billion years in the Earth , and it 's a process of evolution .
Because it 's so practical , why does it change it ?
So in the early age of human early , especially for our first species of evolution , the role of a natural memorial .
It protects our bodies without being destroyed by the destruction of the DNA , avoid the damage of DNA and damage , and it 's not going to prevent it to the building and the roots .
So the bed is really pretty good . And so we evolved with this wonderful convergence .
But then we started running .
Human beings start branching out -- it 's just twice .
From the first distance from our distant hometown , from Africa , we start adding a lot of different areas to the other areas , and the nearest step is going to be the dawn of development .
What happens when human beings go into the other areas ?
The environment became very cold , and the strength of a lot of them would be very much .
So , look at the change in the northern hemisphere , and you can see the change happening .
We 're going to be able to get a lot of it .
But all the ballast are actually going to absorb the atmosphere of the stars .
In winter , when you 're in Albert Springs , you might feel a nuclear radiation .
But it 's a lot of fun . It 's really important to do it in your skin .
So the people who live in the northern sectors are lost for most of the time , and they lose the potential of <unk> D.
It has a huge impact on evolution in human skin .
In order to make sure that they 're losing their health , the population of the northern hemisphere is lost .
Natural selection makes evolutionary evolution of color .
And so we can see that all of the beautiful culprits in all humans are the dark ones .
The dark color is not just a source of evolution , but it 's possible to evolve twice .
It 's not just the modern ancestors that we 've ever experienced in the age of our ancient age -- the <unk> .
And this is the proof of the power of evolution .
It 's been a long time to get human .
In the last 10 years , it 's getting faster and closer and further .
And this is what 's going on here in the last few years , more than a lot of human species .
Notice that they 're moving across a lot of rice cycles , and people go from high - speed areas to low radiation , and vice versa .
But it 's not all level of circumstance .
In South Carolina and North Carolina , 12 million people , because the slave of the Atlantic is forced to do a very low proportion of trade from the Pacific Ocean .
It causes a lot of social phenomena .
But it also has a terrible impact on human health .
Now , what 's going on there ? We 're constantly counting .
We 're so smart , completely impossible to kind of look at the biological barrier .
Unfortunately , we do n't really know what our skin is , and we ca n't accommodate the environment that we live .
Some of the people in the dark color are living in high - speed areas .
And some of us are living in a very small region of a low - volume world .
It has a profound impact on our health .
For the people who want to take care of the raw color , we have to be careful with the problems that are damaged , and there 's a loss of loss .
The electronics and doctors tell us that we need to protect our skin .
But they 're not going to be very good for people who live in high - scale , or long , long - term tasks in the middle of the ages .
And what they 're faced with is the equivalent of the situation , but it 's more likely to look at what 's going on , because the GDP of B is a big problem .
The lack of <unk> D does n't have a lot of problems between the bones of the human body , and the breakup of our immune system , or the damage of immune systems , has to be affected by mental health .
So what 's happening in this is the beautiful consequence of evolution , and it 's one of the great things that we still have in the world today .
And the consequence of that is that we know it 's very profound .
What we live in is the population of the dark color and the color of color , and that 's a lot of people who live together , but it 's not even the first time in terms of social action .
So how should we overcome this ?
How should we start understanding this ?
Evolution can help us .
Darwin spent 200 years , and we had the first <unk> , who was elected American president .
Such a great thing !
And what he represents is a significant thing .
But we still need to think about it , and look at the difference between the color and the Earth .
He 's one of the poorest people in the city , and it 's a good trick to be a parent , a very dynamic kind of color .
And he had a very similar population of people who lived in southern Africa like South Asia and Southeast Asia .
And these guys are very easy to cut , and once they have a lot of traffic on the surface , their skin can produce more wings .
They 're also part of the dangers of Dartmouth D , especially when they 're <unk> , like that .
So let 's talk a little bit about his health , and I hope that he has a lot of understanding of his skin .
The evolution of human color is also the most beautiful part of the human race , which is that it 's a great demonstration of our self - evolution and evolution .
So when people ask you , " What 's the evidence ? "
You do n't have to go to the case of the <unk> , or the fossil record .
You can just look at your skin .
And I thought , Darwin is able to appreciate what you do , even though it 's in his era , he has convinced the climate of the human skin .
But I think if he was able to see what we 're seeing today , he could be understood .
He could be able to appreciate this .
And most importantly , he would teach it .
You can teach this .
You can feel it .
You can understand it .
Set it up with this room .
Take your skin out of your skin , celebrate .
Right ?
Part of the evolutionary history of Port au - Prince is written in you .
Understanding it . Think about it . Invent it .
Researcher : Yeah . It 's beautiful . How good it is !
You 're evolution .
Thank you .
Homaro
In a decade ago , researchers looked at a crucial part of a human intuition : sometimes , there is a lot of choices that are going to be more happy than the choice of choice , and even in choice . It 's so interesting that it 's a fun study -- and it shows you why the most interesting thing is , it might be the best of us to think of it .
business , cancer , choice
<unk>
PH : Sometimes , sometimes it 's good for you to drive .
I want to start with a little bit of a candy point .
2007 , five years ago , my wife was diagnosed with cancer , cancers in two years .
Now , to think about it , the most dangerous experience of fear is not just a hospital -- the <unk> , my wife experiences .
It was n't the first fear , when she knew about 350 years , she had a breast cancer , and she did n't have it .
And the thing that activates the time is the most impressive and painful thing is that we need to do it with a kind of deterministic and a decision that does n't break and have to decide .
Should you do it for the high - speed surgery , or do you want to do that ?
Do n't it be a Brazilian B , so should you take a more elaborate approach ?
How do these work ?
Do you want to take a little bit of a trauma to do this ?
The doctors are eating our eggs .
So you might ask , why do doctors do this ?
Maybe somebody would say , doctors do this , and they wanted to protect themselves from the law .
I think it 's a very early answer .
These are good doctors , and some of them are really good for the patient .
They just follow a long - term response , which is that when you 're making a decision , especially if you do decisions , the best thing is to put everything on the board , just like sitting in the seats .
And we 're sitting on " The Lord of Man , " and let me tell you that if you 've experienced the same situation , you 're going to think very crowded and refreshing .
And this blew me up .
And I thought , if I should be a definition of this , put it in a binary sphere , " The Lord " is going to make everything in the hands of the hand , right ?
Or is it going to be a better result when we choose to drive someone else , if we 're going to drive the other ?
For example , a trained consultant , which can be a doctor 's doctor , and so on .
Because what I 'm looking at is the human race , so I decided to do some research with some information .
And I 'm going to share with you today .
Now imagine you all participate .
And I 'll tell you what you need to do in this study , what you need to do .
And if you feel guilty , you know , I wait for you to answer your answer .
And you 're going to have a problem with a number of questions , and I 'll give you a few examples .
The more you can answer , you have more options .
Now , why are you drinking this cup ?
Why ? Because it 's very typical .
Because you 're going to have to get more efficient to the answer , and if you go to think about it , your brain is still in the same position .
Right ? It needs to be in the next state , the caffeine is good .
And it also needs to be in the middle of a panic .
Do n't get hurt . It 's going to be able to get back .
Now , it 's all over the design , and it 's called the design design , and the combination of the test .
And what I 'm going to do is take you randomly into two groups .
Think of the blue line here , and the people here are a group of people , and the people are the ones .
Now , for a group of people , I 'm going to do it for you , which is to give you two beans , and I just want you to pick up a cup of tea and you pick it up .
You can decide what your brain 's supposed to be : OK , I decided to get rid of the caffeine of caffeine , and I opted up with the ballast tea .
You 'll just give yourself a decision , charge your decision , and it 's called " The Eagle Song . "
For a number of people , I 'll give you two beans , but you do the decisions .
And I 'm going to give you two beans , and remember , I 'll give you a little bit of time in order to do a cow .
And you know the rules .
So you can think that this is a special case , because whenever you sit down in the real position , most of the time , the consumer is your trust , such as a experts , like a specialist , and so on . So , it 's an extraordinary case .
Now you 're all going to be drinking tea .
Imagine you 're having tea tea , and we 'll be waiting for you .
We 're going to do that for five minutes .
Now you 've got 30 minutes of puzzle solutions .
This is one example of your challenge .
Does anybody want to get a chance ?
Elizabeth : Wow !
Okay , so funny .
Well , so if you 're right , and you are a participant in your partner , we 're going to do it with your expertise to adjust our problems .
Because we hope it 's a problem .
And all of this is the problem of the trap , because your first response is saying , " Well , you 'll be able to do it for the first time , and then you 'll find the Rover and it 's reliable . "
Right ? So it 's all based on your knowledge .
Because we want it to be difficult , and I 'll tell you why .
And here 's another example .
Anybody ready ? This is the case .
Announcer : Oh yeah , wow . Okay .
Well , this is difficult .
You say , " Well , you 're going to try and do it , and then you 'll try to get it back and get out of the end , and you 'll find that the spike is going down .
Now , you have 30 minutes to answer this 15 questions .
We 're trying to get these questions here , which is the number of questions that are going on , whether you 're going to answer the answer to the solution , because you can decide more questions , or you could decide , and you decide that it 's much better .
And in a series of studies , we went together , and we , you , called the passenger passenger , even though your tea gives you a little bit of problem .
And we also looked at another thing , and , as a group of people , the people who are not just projecting up , but they do n't have a lot of attention .
No job , no corrosion , etc . .
How do you get out of this ?
We have two properties .
And one of the time is , you spend a long time when you 're trying to spend a problem ?
A group of time is less than a person 's population than a number of people .
And the other one is , you 've got 30 minutes to answer questions , and you 're the whole one , or it 's going to give up on the shelves ?
A group of people is more likely to get more than a telephone line .
So , a group of people who are not really optimistic , and the upshot of the solution is that the answer is less .
Now we 're going to be wondering what ?
In what 's going on here , we can get the answer to the upshot of the control that the wind is going to be better than the driver .
This is about what you 're faced with .
The implication of that is that that 's what you get to do .
Think about this , the game game may happen in the subway , and it might be very , very difficult to be in healthcare -- it 's the result .
It does n't matter whether it 's a sin of money , you know , you know .
Right ? Oh , it 's the result .
Now remember , because these problems are difficult .
So it 's very uncomfortable for you .
This is happening in medicine .
For example , in the early treatment phase , it turns out that everything was negative .
Right ? That 's the same way across the market .
In the stock market , we get negative consequences .
In these examples , it turns out .
There 's no controversy ; you know if you 're fixable .
In other words , it 's a loss , negative , and you have a choice .
You need to negotiate your decision .
So what do you do ?
You 'll focus on your choices .
You know , you know what ? I should choose the other one .
And this gives you a sense of choosing your choice , reduce your decision - making confidence , reducing your self - esteem .
You 're not working with this mission , compared to this task , and you have fewer questions than the other answer .
And if you look carefully , this is what happens in medicine .
Right ? For example , a patient dies , for example .
It 's going to be a loss of body , and the body does n't have a lot of time , but it 's always the dominant myth , and you wo n't do it . "
So , sometimes you have to confront something that 's relevant to the situation , and the negative , the specific , it makes you happy to get your gratification to " passenger " and make it sterile .
I started with smoke last time .
And I 'd like to end with a little bit of a positive point now .
It 's been five years old , and the better news , the good news is that it 's getting hurt .
So it 's a very good thing , but I forgot to mention one thing that she was treating , and my wife and I decided to wear a passenger .
And with the inner bean , the conversation was just in her defense , so we got it right now .
We let doctors decide all the decision , let him take it to our driver .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/atul_gawande_how_do_we_heal_medicine.html
economists know , economists are going to take her wish to build the first products in Ethiopia , and the wish is that , in the case , her program will influence the risk of the World Trade Center to get the risk of the world 's largest food supply to be a healthy diet .
Africa , business , economics , food , global issues , technology
<unk>
Jane Drori on a economics of Ethiopia
He knew that there was a cup of meat on the North Side , where the beautiful one was decided to do a different thing , and that was to measure the happiness of their countries rather than their GDP .
So why does n't it ?
After all , happiness is not just a small part , but it 's a fundamental human tool .
So what is that happy ?
Happiness is free .
It 's going to be where you 're going , what do you do , buy what , sell what to buy , selling , to sell , and how to sell , how to sell .
Where 's the choice ?
Who 's the good one to express it ? How are we going to be it ?
One of the ways for choice is through the market .
It 's a good market for all kinds of choices , and eventually ultimately let people be able to get people to go into " Ace . "
The great Indian economist , <unk> , who has given a Nobel Prize , because he suggests that dengue fever and food is not enough , but the ability to reach the power of food or a person 's power to get food to food .
In 1984 , one could just be seen as the biggest crime of the human race , almost a million people , and Ethiopia , Ethiopia .
It 's not because it did n't have enough food , but in southern southern America , it turns out that in the southern corners of the country , you ca n't get any power or power to get the food out there .
This is a turning point in my life .
For far , most Africans are farmers .
And the general majority of Africans , mostly farmers , are a little bit of farmers in the land , and it 's very , very small .
Today Africa is one of the largest countries in Africa , even though it 's most .
In Africa , only 70,000 percent of roads get killed , and they have 40 percent .
And African farmers in Africa use 22 kilograms , and they 're in Asia , where they are <unk> kilograms .
It 's more than five times as much as Africa is in Africa .
In Latin America , more than eight percent of the GDP of Africa is bigger than Africa .
Today , the little farmers who live in Africa do n't have a lot of choices , and so much freedom .
His life is totally dependent on poverty .
As he was arrested , with less than less angiogenesis , there was a loss of poor crops that went out of the marketplace , because he had no choice .
And a few months later , she went to market , and it was the highest amount of money that we called the misguided Rover -- and the food plant -- but because she had to buy the family .
What 's really true here is that Africa is supposed to be how Africa 's going to drive innovation and business power ? And we know that this power is there .
Another famous economist , <unk> , who won the Nobel Prize , died in the South , because she presented the farmer even though she was still poor .
And that means , in fact , the farmers are emotional , and as anything else , they also want to make money .
Now , we do n't need more soldiers , and they can understand that the farmers want to get the market , they also wanted to make money , as anything else .
One is clear : at least we all know that Africa is open to open source .
The ad is the agriculture .
Leibniz , the world struggle to say that the market has to go to Africa , and the economy has to do it .
It means government wants to get out of business business , and the government is really leaving the market and let 's leave free for free .
So what happened to the last 25 years ?
Can Africa be self - sufficiency ?
Are our farmers becoming social ?
And I thought , we 've all been here , probably because we all know that , in fact , Africa is the only one in the future of hunger and malnutrition , and it 's more than 20 years ago , the food plant is going to fly over the next decade , but the water is just less than a decade ago .
Why do agriculture do n't look like what we expect ?
What 's happening in the Western world is that it 's wrong ? And I 've taken 15 years to playgrounds in Tahrir Square , and to investigate the agricultural markets , to go from 10 to 15 African countries , trying to understand where we 're wrong .
For me , this revolution seems to be the most important thing to do .
For example , this agricultural market , the market of Africa is highly controlled and affordable .
We know from what we 're doing at the polling market , to get the commercial risks of the market and the rural towns of town and cities .
In fact , it 's even more than a third of the South Africa to get the market .
The progression of Africa is not just the basis of the infrastructure , as a result , that it does n't work , because it 's not the way that the market develops , like the marketplace , and the standards , the combination of information and connections .
And so the product of the commodity has always been working on a little bit of strike , in which they were able to do business with trust and trust people .
And so , as the corn winds -- and I 've been calculation from the farmers to the consumer to take care of four , five and five , every time -- I see this sort of thing that 's going on in Africa -- it has to change .
And I felt very strange .
And the police came and said to me and again , and I really understood that the amount of goods that people know they get and the quality of their quality .
And this is actually a very strong amount of distinction that the market is so much more than the power of the price and the power of the wind .
And this is also the cost of a cost - off .
And I calculated the commercial business of the industrial industry is only because there is no level of progress and standards and the market news and so forth , so it 's going to take place to keep it .
And this led to a very high amount of labor .
For most of the agricultural products of agriculture , part of these people came to the marketplace , and it was just a little bit of information , but they believed that their product had to have a lot of needs and they would n't have to be more likely to do it , or they could n't get a better price for the last market or whether they 're not going to pay for more money or less money .
It said that risks , we 've seen Africa , the world 's most nomadic .
In Africa , small farmers are the first ones to recover this risks .
In fact , in my opinion , there is no area in history where there are no areas in the history of farmers who are going to go to the market as African farmers who can afford to pay for the African African risks .
In my opinion , there 's no place in the world that there are no places that are building the risks in our Africa today .
In Ethiopia , for example , every year , the change is going to be high .
This market is highly painful , and it 's not only about farmers who are investing in high - performance technology , which is directly changing , such as modern seed and mud , but it has a direct impact on the <unk> .
To give you a example of this , in 2001 -- 70 years , 70 percent of farmers in Ethiopia have high cities .
But it turns out that the market system develops 80 percent of the core primaries .
And this makes a difference to the farmers of the collision of grass .
We can do it in 2002 , and we 're going to get 30 million tons of grain in the back of 2002 .
Less than six months , seven months in 2002 , Ethiopia declared a very severe food crisis , and the size of the year is going to take the threat to 2015 .
One of the things that happened was a year in the water , and the last sea divination , the farmer decided that they decided to infiltrate the mines and do n't use rice to actually reduce the net .
This is a bleached example of the development that 's been killed by an appointment .
But it 's not just happening in Ethiopia , but in the middle of Africa again .
I 'm not going to do this today today , not to complain about what 's going on .
And I 'm here to tell you that it 's going to change the way that you can change it .
Today Africa is not just the African narrative for the other side of the people , and that 's not the South African policy .
Africa has learned , or they 're still learning -- even though it 's gone -- the market does n't build and develop .
In the 1980s , people were very popular talking to the price .
It was a very powerful book , and the main said was to put government to the market .
We now realize that the market is not just the price of performance , but to invest in the right infrastructure and the best institutions to create the marketplace .
And when the conditions are right , we know that we can see the stock ward in Africa , as well as any other place .
About three years ago , I decided to leave my comfort job and do n't do the World Trade Center in Washington , but to go back to the place where I was born , Ethiopia , the winning , and the end of Ethiopia .
And the reason I do this is simple .
In terms of understanding , learning and attempts and try to convince people where the agricultural government and their communities are wrong , and I think it 's time for time .
And I recently introduced a very exciting new approach in Ethiopia , and it was the first example of building a 70 percent of Nigeria .
And the notion of products today is not new .
In fact , at the University of Alabama , the Norwegian Humanities Institute and the farmer combined with the epicenter of the marketplace , and trying to build a better exercise to build a better way .
In Chicago , this is what it 's like , it is the most famous pedestrian operator .
In Chicago Springs , Chicago was the same reason , and the hope was that our farmers were able to benefit from the commodities .
In the American Republic of America , the farmers used to put sugar into the Rift boat , and then went to the Chicago marketplace .
And once the transportation station is , if you do n't have an average , or a price , the farmer 's going to hit a major loss of loss .
In fact , farmers are even going to get rid of the water , and it 's more money to spend a lot more .
And the people who need to avoid this very high - risk and significant loss of loss and electricity , the root of the water and the wind , which is built in the process of being done .
From here , the most great innovation of innovation emerged , dengue fever and the pioneers do n't need to get a lot of time , and it does n't have to take a handle on it , and it could be anti - malarial .
And that means that corn itself is able to travel through a long distance , or even travel over time -- to make 18 months later .
This is the central state of American agricultural change , and Chicago is from a local town to international town , agriculture , the Catholic marketplace .
Now , back to the last century , we tend to think of products as the West of the Western industry , and it 's the secret of coffee , but the coffee is , in fact , a coffee that 's in southern southern America , which is actually in the northern world , or the price .
But it 's changing .
And we 're also looking at this , and the whole thing is made from information technology , which is a marketplace to the emerging market .
In the last century , you can see the Western automobile of the West and the United States , which is the U.S. Canada , and it 's only about half the world 's last 20 years .
In the same way , this is what happens in India , so , for example , the villages of the village in the last three years are selling more than 10 times a year .
So this is a little bit of a cheap cure , and they 're highly connected to the farmers , bringing them into the marketplace .
In China , three years ago -- for example , in 2004 , we had to replace Chicago in the second largest group of commodities .
Now , in Ethiopia , we 're designing the first group of Ethiopia .
We 're not going to exchange Chicago or the Indians in India , but by the way , the needs and the small farmers are really pretty excited .
So this is a 70 percent Ethiopian fountain of Ethiopia in Ethiopia .
We 're creating systems that are good for all kinds of markets , and it 's kind of , trust , efficiency , transparent , to make small farmers to do what I say to say .
The design of Ethiopia is a design that we put a unique amount of elements , and we 've taken the Rover , or we 're called " The Inconvenient Truth . "
This is a fundamental foundation to build the ecosystem , and the market is able to develop a marketplace .
And this is what we 've been learning about the last 20 years of Africa -- that 's what 's called the norm .
One donors came into the marketplace , and the other person is going to go ahead and continue to work at the same time , or the standards of people who have to do information and interact with the information technology , but the other people , the same people .
And the way we decided to do it in Ethiopia , is that the environment is going to happen , and the whole thing is happening .
It means that it 's going to be a trade - up system , which is the beginning of the time , because we think that this country has n't prepared for a whole range of time .
But at the same time , we 're going to do something that does n't have any providers , and that 's what 's going on in villages like a coffee cup .
So , farmers and small stars can come up with our own centers , and we call them a pathway in the center of the computer ; people do n't have to buy computer or to figure out how to do it , or that 's what they 're looking at .
And at the same time , it 's very important to this market , and that 's a little bit of innovative design , which is that this is going to be all over the country , let 's do it all over the country .
Yes , we 're going to run a inside of the system to ensure that we can spend a lot of time , and so therefore , basically , essentially we are building trust and honesty .
Obviously , we 're working with mindshare , and when we develop this readout in the process of development and the infrastructure of the system -- a whole set of rules that can make the whole market work better .
So , in fact , our instructions are going to take the court apart .
What 's really important is the most important thing is to spend a marketplace , and it 's going to take place to farmers all over the country , but they 're making a lot of time to get to the city of the farmer , the way to get the farmers into the electronic muscles .
In fact , it changed the relationship between farmers and markets .
Farmers that have been used to think about the local , which means that he or she 's only the last 50 to 10 kilometers , and the average , you know , they do n't really understand what they 're taking out of it , but the other thing that 's going on there is the amount of concepts that they have .
And they started thinking about the national world , even international markets .
They just start making a decision - in - market decision , and they 're making decisions , based on the information market .
And they 're entering the marketplace , and they know how much the product of the product can get .
So all of this changes farmers .
It 's going to change the way that engagement is a little bit .
It 's going to stop that they can do simple amounts of balance , to reduce the balance of what they really want to think about how to transfer gravity from the areas of the wind to protect the power from a long distance .
Can Ethiopia do this ?
It seems very unexpected .
But that will create new opportunities .
We believe that this foundation needs a powerful political determination , and we 're going to do it with the information that information and the culture is connected to the basic laws of balance .
We believe that the continuity of change is there , and we 're completely able to do it .
Eighty - 11 percent of the GDP of Ethiopia , plus the next eight months later .
And the last resort of our Final Coast meeting was our president to declare that this is the most important economic loss of the society .
We believe that risks are high , but it 's going to be more high .
It could also be an anti - Saharan form of agriculture .
Ethiopia 's GDP of Ethiopia is a billion dollars .
And we expect to be in the next five years , if Ethiopia could be able to do it 40 , 40 percent of GDP , it 's only about 25 percent , and the value of the marketplace will reduce .
Ethiopia 's agricultural market , more than 30 percent of North Africa -- and actually , Ethiopia is actually the Second corn of corn in Africa .
So the potential is .
We have it .
And commitment is .
We think we have the value of success to change the choices of farmers , and to grow our agriculture , change Africa .
So we find our joy and happiness .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/scott_kim_takes_apart_the_art_of_puzzles.html
Leibniz , the student student , asked the idea of using bacteria and a very surprising kind of wonder -- the sand itself -- and , in this case , he has to do this with a bold plan .
Africa , architecture , morality , biology , design , sustainability , water
<unk>
Marian Napoleoni : A building on architecture
It 's interesting to participate in this conference , because it 's a meetings that are not going to emerge , and I 'll show you a creative proposal in the United States , which is to make a difference between the continent .
And this is the size of the Great China , and so it 's going to be a kind of deterministic architecture .
And it turns out that it 's not just what it looks like , or in the face of faces , that bacteria and availability .
Now , as an architect , we 've been blessed by the problem .
But I do n't believe the problem in architecture , and I just believe that the opportunity .
So this is why I 'm showing you a book , and a answer to a square line .
And this is a silver lining .
And my answer was a kind of a piece from a bacteria and an intensive form , and it would take the whole desert .
In this case , sand is a marvelous material , and it 's all very beautiful .
It 's simple and complex .
Peace is violence .
And it turns out that it 's a lot of fun , and it has the amazing beauty of it .
In this world , there are thousands of layers of wood .
It 's a cycle .
The rocks and the mountain disappears .
And it turns out it 's a little bit of a rock form to form the rocks .
As the rocks ring , the new Rover form .
Some of these are large - scale stars , and it 's going to form sand sand .
In a sense , the mountain of the frozen rock becomes the bridge .
But the land is dangerous . It 's not the case .
The Earth is more than a third of the land right now .
Some of them are completely covered with the clouds .
And in the middle of the day , we found out the stars .
What this name means " the Edge of desert . "
And this is the most dynamic area of connection .
And that is , in the early days of Wall Street and ' 70s , the drought , and the sub - industrial industry is just going to go to the DARPA diet to survive the food diet , which is about 20,000 people .
That kind of catastrophe is going to be going down .
But it 's very small .
In our increasingly increasing medium culture , it 's so slow and difficult to do it .
It does n't look like the tsunami or the 20th century : very few kids and knives .
Yet , Steve Jurvetson is a major threat to all countries , and about 110 countries in the global world that are affected by it .
It 's a huge cause of millions of people , especially in Africa and China .
And a lot of the point is that we have a human race , from us to the power of rare resources .
So we got climate change .
We 've got pesticide , high - scale , foods , food systems , water pollution , famine , starvation , destruction , war and crisis .
If we do n't get serious to play , all unfortunately would be right .
So , what 's going on here ?
I tried to try to find the answer to the South Side of Nigeria .
The sand dunes is about 600 meters per year .
It 's almost impossible to eat a meter per day , put it into their house .
I am in this -- the second one -- and the destruction of the Jill -- that 's a little village .
In 1987 they had to adopt this village because a big sand coating is threatened by the threat .
So , they had a room in this room where they had a whole village .
This is where they 've been in the village .
It took over the top of the sand , and it took us 10 minutes of time , which means why they had to stay in a safe place where they were safe to stay in a safer place .
That 's what causes the destruction of the celebrity .
And if you 're very close to where you are in the deserts , you 've got to calculate how you leave your children out and leave you with your house and your lives , as you know .
Now , sand is covered with a minimum of about 40,000 .
But if we want to stop it , those extreme environments are good places .
Four years ago , 23 African countries built the Line Islands .
An amazing engineering project was the first project that was growing up in the United States and the South Africa .
If you want to stop a cliff , you have to make sure that it 's going to take off the top of a sand hole .
And this is a good one , and the most efficient approach is to use a kind of sand hole .
The trees are good or better .
But instead of having a problem with a question , the people who put it on the board , they put their trees out .
Now , besides bed nets , then we need to get rid of them and do n't get to another choice .
My favorite rock is made three things from nature .
It increases the heat on the surface , and it 's going to put it together .
It provides a physical support for the tree of trees , and it 's in the inside of a sand dune .
And if people live in this green barrier , they can help take care of these trees and protect them from human and natural power .
We can find the places in the sand sand .
We went out and started to capture the desert , and we started with the cores .
The sand sand is just a little bit of a building .
And what we need to do is just try to figure out what 's going on , and then we collect the sand and build our buildings .
We can get the hands out of the hand to make it available .
The wind blows the wind and throws the sterile rail from our buildings .
But now , you might ask me how I 'm going to get a sand dune ?
How do we put it together ?
And the answer is , maybe , you can use these guys , Cynthia Papert , an organism from the uterus and Julia cliffs .
And it took out a pile of Legos , and they could use them to make a bath .
These are images from American microbiology to show us this process .
And what 's happening is you put it on a pile of shelves , and it starts climbing up the abyss .
It 's a fundamental form of chemical processing , which is a natural layer of temperature , and you can put it together .
And the whole thing is about 24 hours .
And I learned from a professor from San Francisco called Petco Park .
He did this experiment in Florida .
And in this case , I played this crazy business role , and it was working with this fancy school in London , trying to try and enrich them .
So what 's going on here ?
I do n't look like a economists , but I 've made a -- a little bit of a shaped -- the blend -- and it looks like it 's going to take us 90 dollars .
And the first time we had to use 60 dollars to buy bacteria , and then you do n't have to pay for the bacteria to spend on a bacteria that 's about 11 dollars .
How do we do this ?
I 'm going to show you two options .
The first is to create a kind of balloon , put it into bacteria , and then use sand and it 's going to be , you know , let 's get bacteria to go into the countryside .
Just a couple of years ago , we put this part of the desert .
The second choice is that the second choice is done .
We put it into sand dunes , and then create a primitive bacteria .
And then you put them out of sand dunes , and the mold is just going to be able to create any shape in a sand hole .
So , we have a way of putting the fences into the vertical , and we can create that in the sand sand .
But what would they look like ?
Well , my architecture gives me a little bit of excitement , and it 's sort of like a model that looks like this .
These are the caves that I built in the rice system .
And I realized that if I put them in the same position , they could give me a good space , or cows or everything else .
Now , in the normal limit , part of the structure of these structures is that it 's going to be natural to lose .
I think it 's really a kind of beautiful thing .
There are actually some things that are going on here .
And we saw that we were able to get rid of the wall and put the desert up into the city , and if you like , it would be the gesture .
Somebody worried that it would n't be unable to be controlled , and the bacteria would kill anything .
It was absolutely wrong .
This is a natural process . It 's now in nature . And once we stop raising bacteria , they die .
So , these are the industrial structures of the desert itself .
It 's from the Houston stop .
It 's possible to lose a third of the world all over the world .
It 's almost an unequal amount of time in the population of the crowd , which is almost a disaster .
It 's clear that we 're taking the desert .
And if there 's no other thing , I want to start a discussion for this project .
But if I 'm supposed to be a wish for TED , I hope it can be constructed , and start building this in the Great Great Barrier Reef , but it 's a very long way to build the top of the sand hole itself .
It 's not just cleaning trees , it 's more connected to all countries .
And finally , I want to show you a animation of this structure , and give you an application .
He said , " There 's no building on the rock , any thing that 's made out of sand , but we have to hook the sand as a rock . "
Now , a lot of the details of this project , and it 's a politics of politics , the ethical , ethical , economic .
My design -- it 's going to lead you to go into the dictionary -- really difficult and challenging .
But it 's just the beginning .
As the Rover said , it 's the sand .
And I think it 's time to get sand . Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/eric_dishman_take_health_care_off_the_mainframe.html
TED Fellow Jane Goodall urges a tool to use armrests and digital tools to make a open source of steel , making people using these blueprints , and this is just the beginning of the blueprints . It 's just about this project . This project is written .
TED Fellows , culture , open - source , technology
<unk>
Jonathan Drori on : Open source , promotes civilization
My name is a new -- I am a farmer , and I 'm an impostor .
I was born in Port Harbor , now living in America .
And I founded a team called open resources .
We identified 50 percent of the most important machines , and we think it 's the key to live in modern life -- you know , from the paradigm , bread , the <unk> , the cause .
And then we decided to create an open source of open - source design , and anyone in the design machine uses a very small portion of the machine .
We have a global village making components .
Let me tell you a story .
When I was 20 years old , I found myself out of my useless balance .
And I do n't have a practical skill .
And the world gave me a choice of choice .
I guess you might call it a life model .
So I was able to build a farm that was a farm to study agriculture .
I bought the cards -- and I got bad .
I paid -- and then quit .
Soon I went out too quickly .
I know that I need to be able to build more than sustainable farms and businesses , cheap tools that are not there .
And the tool I need is the placenta , the stronger , efficient , inefficient , low - cost materials for the local , rather than the long term , not to follow and design .
I found myself in making these tools .
So I did it .
I did the test .
And then I found that the efficiency of Syria is a little bit of a robot .
So I published three design , and the website , the video , video videos , I put it on a hill .
And then from all indigenous people around the world , it was created by the prototypes of a new machine .
Now , we 've done eight samples of eight different machines .
Now this project is starting to be independent .
We know that open - source tools are successful in terms of social and creative design .
And the hardware starts at the same time .
We focused on hardware because open hardware is a big influence .
If we could reduce agriculture , architecture and manufacturing , we can inspire a huge potential of human potential .
It 's not just developing developing countries .
Our tools are wired to farmers in America , and the Gothic , the DARPA , is used .
We found that they were very excited about this , and they could build companies , the parts of the organic community or the power to sell electricity to electricity .
Our goal is to build an open - source design site , and the whole thing is that the cable apple is going to be a very productive civilization .
I used to get a couple of trees in the day .
I also had rowed 5,000 million visitors in the day using my feet and spent six days making a research .
I see , it 's just beginning .
And if it 's really reasonable , it creates a profound impact .
Narrator : It 's an enormous amount of global supply chain , a new kind of culture that wants to transcend people .
We 're all searching for using open hardware technology , and how we can overcome the power of a better world .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/eric_dishman_take_health_care_off_the_mainframe.html
In this remarkable talk , coral ethanol shows the astonishing consequences of the ocean today : overfishing , Sub - Saharan , pollution , pets show that the situation is going to continue faster and data .
fish , green , mission blue , oceans , science
<unk>
Sylvia Earle : How we 've got to do the ocean
I am a ecologist , mainly in coral reefs .
My work was working on the boat , and I walked out of the Gulf of sand , where I was a marine ecologist .
This work has fun and about 10 years .
I mean , somebody committed to give you the most beautiful places around the Earth .
That 's my job .
And I ended up with a reef in the Bay Area where the coral reefs are , and it 's actually the most extreme for me .
And this picture is interesting , and it shows two things , first of all , it 's black , because the reason you can get so close is that you get very close to the very slow speed and the ' 70s , which is very black , and it 's the first picture of black and ' 60s . ♫ Sweeney : The early ' 80s , that 's a black hole . "
And the other thing that it shows is that there are these beautiful corals that have these beautiful corals that do n't see on the top .
Ninety - eight reefs in the Bay Area are the world 's most camps , and most of the most recent ones in the world .
We were the most brilliant ones .
And I used to go from Australia to study our reef , and this is a little bit of ridiculous , because we 're running into their reef .
Scientists are growing into the normal state of coral reefs , which are built in these nonlinear reef reef .
And then , after 1980 , the hurricane sank , and the landing sank .
I moved half the lab and moved to my family .
And this is the way .
That 's 25 to 50 ft .
coral reefs disappeared , new island form , and we thought , " Oh , we 're not .
We know that it 's all happening . "
We published a newspaper in " The magazine of Science , " which was the first time that the coral reef was a big hit .
We 've done predictions about the future , and we do it right now .
And the reason is that the colony , and the last Rover is dead .
The Starrs died in a few months , and the turf of algae starts growing .
And that was the same coral as a coral reef , and this is what 's going on today today .
The coral reefs have a big coral reef and a lot of turf of corals and endangered algae .
This is the story of the Caribbean reef , and it 's more than a fate of a global reef .
That 's my sad story .
We all have a great story of what 's going on there .
Hundreds of these stories are very difficult to attract any emotional emotional emotions , because the situation is increasing .
And the reason is that there 's a lot of reason why there is a hurricane that 's going to be an abandoned process , but it 's now incrementally and pollution and climate change , and the pollution has to stop that process .
So I wanted to jump and talk about three things .
We all heard about extinction .
We 're very hard to imagine two , some of them said that three times the world 's history is about to adopt the control of the vehicle .
They were raising most of the traffic .
There is a chapter on the outskirts of Dylan 's Great moon , " The Oprah Album " "
This is in 10,000 and the 1990s , and they lose their jobs .
It 's just the beginning of a series of factors , from the big variety of small , small species that go from a door to the world , and you still have the same thing .
It 's not easy to understand because you can buy cheap fish in the U.S.
You should read the labels to look at it , but the fish is very cheap , and everybody thinks it 's too cheap .
This information is hard to learn , and I think a very interesting way to talk about <unk> is because people like to walk fishing .
It 's like this .
Here is a picture of a dead fish that people do n't get a lot of money to put a boat out of the boat , and it 's going to go into a place where there 's an area where a big piece of beer , which is the best one -- and the whole one , the biggest fish of Brazil , has taken a whole bunch of new fish to the top of this fish .
Okay , so that 's what 's going on at the top , but the exact same boat , the same kind of equivalent of a common property .
The remaining fish that win is the size of the fish .
In average , the average weight of throwaways is about 250 to 300 pounds , and if you want to go across the mines , you 're almost not going to be able to get one of those fish .
They smell very little .
It 's less than a cost of money in 1950 , more than the money of the year .
It 's all there .
It 's not just fish .
The pesticide sector is two big machines .
We use 20 miles long .
There 's 100 to 200 million dollars a second .
We use Photoshop for a second , so the big thing is leaking over tens of thousands of pounds , and it 's going to put a lot of shelves from the sea .
Think of it as a kind of a city , or a forest , because everything was stripped out .
It 's absolutely incredible .
This is a picture of a typical picture showing global warming .
You can see the striations of the bottom , which is like , you know , it 's just like you 've been able to see , you know , you know , you know , you can see a little bit of this .
There was a wind and coral reef , and that was the top area of fish growing .
Now it turns out that the soil Global ocean has taken from the top of the jungle , which is the area of all the ecosystems in the history of human history , and all the growth of the human history .
And that 's what we 're doing in the last 100 to 150 years .
We always think about oil spills or high fever , and now they 're all talking about the conversation .
All of this is very painful , but the dangerous danger is that it 's a huge shift from the ecosystem .
And I just wanted to just briefly briefly talk about two things a second , one of these species of species .
So this is what 's called a deadly kind of killer algae .
There 's a whole whole book written .
Very impressive .
And it was built in a cathedral , which was a bee in the front of the subway , and it 's a huge amount of liberation .
It 's very beautiful , and it starts to get a long time faster than the radiation of the biological organism .
And I do n't know how many of you remember this movie , " The Lord of the movie " -- that 's the plant plant .
And it does n't have a little piece of land , but it 's a crazy growing - growing creature that kills all the ocean .
We 're not discovering that they can overcome something that we 're trying to try and find out how to find solutions , but it 's the envy of " evil . "
Now let 's take a look at another alternative tissue , which is from 48 terabytes .
We 've got to use artificial artificial ventilation .
Government Savage is one of the reasons we use it .
And it turns out that it 's the dirty water of the river , and the small plants are growing in the south , the dark ones .
But because we had all these squares and all the ballast , the plankton was no longer organisms , so they would n't have a lot of damage to death until the death death was never going to die .
After death , it breaks down and down , and it means that the bacteria would blow it off .
In this process , they 're getting rid of all the oxygen on all of the coral reefs , and they do n't wrinkle on the biological environment that they ca n't recline .
And finally , what we 've got is an organism that controls bacteria , and you look at your <unk> .
One of the high - income businesses in the mirror is a jelly , and they look at your right on the right , and the right side is there .
Even in the middle of the Rift island , we had an arsenal of nachos , and there was a container colony .
And another one of these things is that we often call a lot of what we call cutting - peninsula .
This was a picture of a picture .
I 've talked about it a few times , but it 's unbelievable .
On the left - hand side , the picture on the right side is a picture of the photo , which is a picture of Texas and Mexico .
What you see here is the Gulf of Mexico , and what you 're looking at is a toxic animal that killed fish , which is the beautiful little creature in the right right .
In the right - hand corner , you can see the black dots moving across shore .
That 's the same creature .
And when it comes down to the wind , the fishermen are starting to go into the air , and all the hospitals go into the air , all the way up to acute breath , and the patient 's patients .
That was the Virgin West in Florida .
I and a friend of mine in Hollywood , we call Hollywood a Hollywood Rover , and I 'm trying to explain what the situation is .
And I said , " Well , imagine you 're in a movie called Mancala on the beach coast , because all the calculators are going to stay down to the safe north of North Carolina .
What 's left here is the people who do n't have any money on the ground because the wind is not just heaven . "
And this is what it is .
This is when I last October in France .
This is the southern Rouge River , which is covered with a green hill .
And the reason it causes this is a lot of attention , but it 's a very scary thing to get when the helium blows itself , and you can imagine that the scandal of the farmer , you know , the repurposing of a farmer .
And one of the things that was the war between farmers and the World War II was that the final result was that the North beach had to move the same way across the beach .
And of course , climate change , of course , we know climate change .
And I think the smallest picture is that the North Pole is shrinking ice cream .
Think about thousands and thousands of people who are dying to find the ballast .
Now it 's going to be there .
And I think it 's a little bit mad , and it might be floating in the wind , maybe it should be .
The government in the world is serious about it .
And the military winds in the North countries are really serious about it .
It does n't matter whether the National Guard writes about climate change and Canada , and so on .
Of course , the North Pole is going down .
Everything else is climate change -- this is coral grass . On the right , it 's a beautiful picture .
So many white corals .
They should be brown .
What 's happening is that the corals are a little bit of a small nucleus , and it 's living inside its interior .
The algae are generated by coral reef Radio to provide nutrients and protection .
But when the temperature hits the algae , you ca n't create sugar .
And the coral said , " You 're the impostor , and you do n't want to get a ticket . "
So they put them up , and they die .
It 's not all dead ; some of you survive , and there are more , but it 's a bad news .
Let me try to help you think about it , imagine what you 're going to go to at the end of Europe or North America , and the next morning you wake up , you find that 80 percent of the trees are already collapsing in your eyes and there 's a disconnect between what 's going on inside you .
And you go back to the home and find that North America and Europe are already catching up the leaves .
And then a couple weeks later , you see -- and by the way , a quarter of the trees die .
And that 's what 's happening in the agricultural phenomenon , in El Nino Nino , is a quarter of a coral reef in North America and Europe .
But the real scary thing is that all these strains , the pollution , and the climate change , is not just in empty vacuum .
But because there 's a positive feedback between what 's happening to the whole level , it 's far beyond the sum of local circumstances .
The biggest scientific challenge of science is to think of people like me , which is that we know how to make a fuss about it ?
I mean , because we can still protect it .
But what does that mean ?
We really do n't know .
So what 's the ocean that 's going to be a complete representation of the ocean ?
You do n't have fish , except for some small little barbs , sea turtles are dirty , all the stuff , and so on .
The death zone is the size of the Rift Valley , and then they start to think that we can imagine that something like global warming is going to die .
You do n't want to eat the fish , because that 's the death game of diet .
And sometimes you 're going to get out of bed nets , and sometimes they do n't do it .
That 's not the market .
But what 's really horrible about the physics of physics is that chemical and incoherent .
When the ocean hits , the sea water is more difficult to rotate more and flatter .
We call it a better vine .
And it turns out all the nutrition , and the big stars are fisheries fisheries , California or other places that are slowed down and down , the fishermen are trying to get off .
And the surface oxygen has exploded , and the ocean becomes a desert .
So the question is : How do we make it ?
We can do things for all kinds of things , but ultimately , the best thing we need is that we 're all necessary .
This is not a fish ; it 's not pollution ; it 's not climate change .
It 's our own . Our grandchildren and our desire to expand and we ca n't imagine a world that we live in today .
The question is : Are we going to do this ?
I say the future of life and human dignity depends on our response .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/joshua_walters_on_being_just_crazy_enough.html
Dr. John Maeda , John Locke , used to talk about a sweet , healthy way to tell a beautiful , perfect <unk> .
entertainment , humor , love , physics , science
<unk>
John Norton : Oprah .
You all know this story .
In the summer summer , Houston , Christopher Smith and atoms were in Los Angeles and some colleagues , and asked them : " Where are you ? "
Clearly , this signaled you , because they sit with him .
He had to explain that he was not talking to them .
He was talking to space as well .
And you can see , it 's happening in the middle of a few years , and it 's going to go back to a few years later .
And although it turns out nothing , nothing -- it 's just a weather balloon on a freeway , a balloon driving up the balloon .
Yet , Americans have been gunned down , even though the famous scientist 's famous scientist .
It 's a very , very bad universe , and the universe is so common that there are other kinds of powerful life in our universe .
And the universe is so old , unless we 're the first civilization , we should have some of the evidence that there 's some evidence there .
Yet , we 're lonely .
" Where do you all have ? " Sweeney : So he does n't answer his colleagues .
And then he goes on to the logic of this kind of logical logic , and the <unk> , the way , God , is the possibility of God -- and then , after , you know , Steve Jurvetson .
Now , I 'm not a scientist .
I never created atoms .
Now , I 'm probably going to argue , the technology says , any one is made out of atoms .
Anyway , I want to point out a little bit like this , and I 'm going to point out the number of things that might not be thinking about .
One is the aliens might be very , very far .
It 's about , I say , even in other planets .
The other kind of possibility is that , you know , it might be a kind of a aliens .
Think about it .
In the world of World War II , one of the new scientists , suddenly , had a radical new technology that could change a world in front of this world , and to change human history , is n't that easy ?
Would n't it be a little odd and he would n't ask any credit ?
Is he asking one thing : two health benefits ?
Of course , it 's not .
It 's odd .
And if I was a member of a aliens , why was he trying to convince him that he had n't had a chance to try to get the scientists out there ?
So , for published , or <unk> , they thought that the aliens had been used before , and they brought them to our own lives , looking at us , to look at our evolution to people -- and if you believe that this thing is going to take us to the back of the room , we 're getting us into the pyramid .
This is a kind of deterministic theory that nobody believes you would think .
Even in my life , I 'm very difficult to explain -- some things that are very , very impressive , and the amazing thing is that it 's so hard to think of our lifetime , but the connection is always the same connectivity .
For other things you say , I 've been very excited about what I 'm talking about , and I 'm really passionate about that .
Plank : 1955 .
It was a summer , and it was published in " The Magic Act . "
I went along with the parents to Idaho .
And I had a severe trauma in 12 hours , such as the art of the movie Richard .
So I took the rest of the side , basically in the evening , and the little house that we were sitting on at night , enjoying the garden of sidewalks , looking at the sky .
And I 've seen what ? The stars , Sputnik , tender airplanes -- the typical sky .
And the kids occasionally come up and join me to see , and their neck immediately came out , so they left the sidewalks and they find somebody else playing .
I was very good at night , but I do n't really get any good time , so I 'm still in the universe .
And that 's what happens .
A couple of years old was in the streets .
And I felt that they had modems , and it felt like they were in Buenos Aires , because he was wearing a very regular brown hole , a yellow hill .
It 's not at night , and the woman 's wearing a bully of the surface .
I remember a couple of times , and they were very high .
And then they went down , and the man came up and asked me , " What are you looking at ? "
And you 've got to admit that this old man is very similar to the date .
But there was a funny -- I realized that in that time , as a kid , they stopped .
And the old man was following his girlfriend at the bottom of the day , and it was a real question to meet a joke .
" Oh ! " He said , " Little guy . "
And he joined his girlfriend .
" aliens do n't exist , " and she said .
" No stuff . "
And they 're both polite .
I love it .
The street has been lost .
I ca n't hear the sound of the ocean .
They stop .
I do n't know why they 're starving .
And I looked at them and I felt very curious about how they took the rubber brush ?
What 's inside the tree ?
Do they have a big , open - up television closed ?
Same cows ?
This is a feedback gesture , and he produces the sound of the sound .
Ridiculous , parsley , radioactivity -- " Be careful ! "
And they turn back and down .
And the old man took his hand down into the wall of his life , and then he left me with a guy .
Now , you can think of this as a kind of a simple piece -- a strange version of human beings .
Maybe it 's just a blip , but -- I know what I see .
Plank number two : the Brooklyn Brooklyn in 1984 .
And I went there to see the movie " sand " to me , and from the top , I realized that it was impossible to look at the surface -- but it really was real .
It was a natural performance . It was natural .
I teamed up with my friends ♫ ♫ Sobule : On my left hand .
I 'm asking you the girl right here .
She has a long time , a bicycle hair , blue bar .
And I remember , she was a little hurt , and there was a silver ball and the Tibetan Plateau .
I think she 's very high .
I was in Hong Kong , and I thought she should be in the Masai room , but I never met him . She did n't go to us .
I do n't know her name , I know .
She sat with a guy like her , and they 're talking to the novel .
They 're all puppies , mothers and daughters -- it 's not very common .
And they 're talking about the most favorite role of the role , which is the big one .
And it 's a better thing .
And she went to me and asked me , " Did you expect this movie ? "
At first , I was very embarrassed because I 'd never had a novel .
I 'm just a video of a desert star , and it 's now .
But she asked a lot of questions : do n't really be anything like her , like she was n't thinking about the answer .
I do n't know what . I just said , " Yeah . "
I do n't even follow .
The movie starts .
I do n't need to remind you that David Fowler is David Smith , in all the roles , and the rabbits are there .
There 's a piece called the Personal Genome Project , which is a big pond , and she 's carrying a huge pond in the middle of the life of life and he gives him the ability to wobble with space to space .
It 's never going to leave the ponds or the outside .
He said , in his world , ugly and sexy , and he passed it through a young radio , but never to get rid of them .
I mean , I like them compared to bed nets .
SS : Okay , but you think it 's my food ?
No .
When the video ends up , everybody picks up all the way down and down .
A girl .
When I walked out of her , she went out .
Maybe she would n't look like this in front of her -- like she wanted to go to me .
And when I said it 's funny , I just just got this conclusion that this is a place where the planet is called the Earth , and they call them a ridiculous memory -- the " brain " -- to get a funny memory to break it to the pyramid .
I 'm very happy , so I did n't slow down to her .
I 'm happy to be able to do it again .
Three : Pennsylvania , November , 2000 .
In the end of the 20th century , Julia Fowler wrote how Adam wrote it , and he described the experience of an ad race .
There are a couple of odd things , which is called " The Eagle Nebula , " suddenly suddenly , suddenly realized that he does n't remember what 's going on at the 10 years , even though it 's going to be <unk> .
And the upshot of that is that when the aliens hit him , he picks him up .
This book became the most delicious selling book ever ever .
Here 's a picture of Ted Bateson , showing up from a kind of a little bit like a piece of wood .
This is a great movie .
Remember in <unk> , I went to Miami -- my girlfriend , we decided to decide , to see the movie .
And I remember reading a lot of detail .
Number one : Steve Jurvetson was made of <unk> .
Two : The state of globalization is a rubber ring .
Three : There 's a very long sequence of sequence on a Band - Aid movie to make a pizza .
Four : movie is coming in in Philadelphia , Tennessee .
Five : Everyone says , " The movie is " communication " by communication .
What 's the problem ?
Impossible ? What 's the matter of physics ? How ?
Think , yes . The answer is : Do I have a girlfriend 's surprise ?
How did this happen ? When did something ?
And I remember walking out and suddenly suddenly realized that this is true , as we walk down , and the same problem .
I do n't know .
Four : Four , and also in Portugal .
A few years later , I and this woman -- we call her " The Oprah Album , " we go across Portugal .
We live in ancient 72 of the ancient temple zone , and in small hotel , we put on the roof and we see the Florida Rover .
What ? We did these ? Can we do this ? Anybody ? Anyone ?
We went into the beach .
Hundreds ? I 'm not dreaming .
Whether it works , we went to Portugal , and it was thought , right ?
And I was struck by Oprah , and I ended up with my dirty dog , who I took a long Portugal clinic to accept the pots .
You can do it properly .
And the last day in Portugal , we wanted to go to the beach and want to move around the Atlantic Ocean .
It 's a little bit of a big city , and she said she 'd go to the Rift Valley to Fox a little boat .
Do you want to go to me ?
I touched it with bad makeup , and I said , " I 'm not going to go . "
And I remember looking at her eyes ' eyes .
This is a woman who has grown up to the face of her face and the groom , and it 's a chocolate .
And it turns out that the skin is filled with chocolate , right ?
She 's blue on the eyes of blue , and finally .
She laughed .
A grizzly bear came into a new country , and no one has no body language , whether it 's a language or a boat to travel the boat and the bones to go to a river or her .
And I love her , as she walked into this weird area .
I got my thought .
I 've got my " naked era " and suddenly I suddenly lost the time , and I realized that time was <unk> , but she did n't go back to it .
I felt uncomfortable , and I went to her .
Now , I 'm not going to go on .
Do n't I know where the beach is ?
And I did n't call her because it was Bihar in 1991 , and they had n't given us this technology .
And I realized that there was only two possible outcomes that could possibly go back to a small hotel or she would never go back .
I can just sit down .
I do n't see the sky , but look at the end of the street , and they 're in the corner of a street and a little bit of <unk> .
I look at the dynamics of the Earth , and I hope that they can make me see your face .
In a while , at a racetrack , I really appreciate the universal search of the universe .
The Russians came out of this .
Five young people -- they 're all happy , they come back to their neighborhoods .
One of them was called Dick , who asked me what I did , and I explained to him .
He said , " Do n't worry . " He was convinced that the security was safe .
But he looks n't convinced me because he 's sitting down to me .
And then the next two hours , they wait for me to wait . They go to me , and I 'm going to tell you , " Wow , break my attention . "
Two hours later , they gave me a couple of hours later .
We 're not alone .
And in this case , let me start with a little bit of time , and I look around the street .
The stars , she came back .
She said , " Well , she did n't know why I 'm responsible .
They do n't understand , they have a lot of traffic . They 're in the thinking , and they 're thinking to us , it 's going to go back to the room and let it go on the street .
In the absence of memory , less than a doctor 's doctor is called " Barbara of The Penguin , " and the people who have a high - powered call in your closet .
And even now , 15 years later , we married , and I was looking at her and she did n't look at her .
And I think you agree , it might be in the age of her , and it 's been threatened by kidnapped kidnapping , but I would love to love her .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/steven_strogatz_on_sync.html
And as the world is faced with the economy , climate change , and the challenge of tea , Tim Jackson , has to tell us how to stop the economics of the financial crisis and start funding our future .
development , economics , green , poverty , sustainability
<unk>
Tim Jackson on a talk about economics
I 'm talking to you today about Karen Armstrong , which is about our hope of destruction .
It 's not just us , but it 's all about long - term people around the world .
It 's a matter of hope .
In fact , Latin America is the center of the word
" The Lord of Al Gore " , " I hope -- hopefully -- with our hope and expectations .
And ironically , though , we have the continuity of money from money and economic growth .
But our economy has been so vast that we 're now in a dangerous position of hope -- the power of transportation , the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico , and the last 20 to 30 years , it 's going to change the amount of carbon dioxide .
And the economics of economics , of course , is not a precise appointment , and we 're trying to figure out how to find it .
So we got a hacker .
It 's a dilemma that grows into a growth problem .
We ca n't relate to it ; we do n't have it .
It ruins this system or ruined this planet , and this is a hard choice . It 's not just a choice .
We have the best approach to all of us , and it 's actually a lot of technology , technology and efficiency and more efficient .
Now I 'm not anti - level .
And sometimes I think we 're smart species .
But I think we should be able to look at those numbers and make a reality .
I want you to imagine a world that zero in zero , or two billion people , all the way to the West , the Western lifestyle , the Western lifestyle .
And I want to ask a question -- we 're going to get two percent of their income and charge for two years because we believe that there is going to be progress .
And I wanted to ask this question : Are we going to get far faster ?
How clever would we have ?
How much technology do we need to do in this world ?
In my chart , in the left - hand side , there 's what we 're talking about right now .
This is the economic invisibility of the economy , and that 's what 's going on in the economy .
This is about 30,000 products of carbon .
And I 'd like to suggest that we have to go to the corner of the right - hand side of the right - hand side .
It 's a little bit more accelerated , and it 's something that we 've been working on in the industry today .
We might be able to do this , maybe -- who knew ?
We might make a better form to create the economic growth of these carbon , and that 's what we need to do in this century .
Are n't we supposed to test our ability to realize whether we ca n't get it to this ?
So I wanted to spend a few minutes of time on system .
This is some complicated , and that 's what I do .
I 'm going to try and do it a little bit .
It looks like this .
Companies build products for families -- and we -- we provide taxes , and it 's better , because we can consume these income and services .
This is called the economy .
It looks pretty harmful .
And I just wanted to highlight one of the most important features , which is the role of investment .
Now , investment is just about 40,000 percent of the modern economy , but it 's a very important role .
What it does is it uses more energy growth .
It 's a couple of ways that it 's going to go to the way -- and it will be the price and encourage us to buy more stuff .
But I want to focus on the role of investing in innovation , new things and consumption .
Joseph Savage is called " Innovation . "
This is a process of manufacturing and building new things , to find the consumer marketplace , consumer goods , new consumer products .
And it turns out that it 's kind of like the desire of human beings .
We love new things -- no doubt -- but also new ideas -- new alternatives , new adventures .
But it 's really important , because , in every society , Leo has been studied by a language , a kind of a form of language language -- a piece of commodity language that we use to tell each other , and the story is , for example , how important .
The identity of identity is driven by the kind of thing that is happening in this new language .
Now , suddenly , we have a network of economic logic using social logic -- economic systems and we acknowledge that it 's going to grow exponentially .
And the engine is not just the economic value ; it 's going to move the material resources , and the desire for our desire to drive , actually in a desire .
Adam Savage , <unk> years ago , talked about a bi - lifetime of desire .
Narrator : In his time , that means that the synthesis of Legos , today , is , you still need fruit , but you need to mix up the power of directors , and you 're going to have to transfer a lot of power , the next year , which is that there 's a tremendous amount of traffic , it 's just the limit of the apple .
Even though we do n't want them , we have to buy them because , if we look at them , this is going to fall apart .
In order to stop it to the past 20 or 30 years , we 've been extending the currency , increase the loans and the fishermen , to allow people to keep the rest of the thing .
Of course , those are the scaling dynamics .
But -- I just wanted to show you some data here .
It looks like this , and it 's basically , it 's just the United Nations , just in England .
And this is just about 15 years ago . You can see that there is a situation where it 's going to fly here , and you 're going to go down .
It 's more than 100 years ago .
In the meanwhile , the individual is the same .
And these Rovers , the net net , is in the middle of the Cold Trade Center at night .
This is where people increase the debt , the consumption of their offspring , just for the game .
And this is a weird , more general story to say that the story , with a simple term .
It 's a story about our story , and people are convinced that we do n't have the money to do it to make a decision that does n't work to be able to go to the people who ca n't do it .
But we 're going to do it before despair , and we should probably say , " Do we do this ? "
Can people really be this ?
Will it work ? "
And almost immediately , we actually actually have a lot of special stuff .
The first is economic resilience .
In the economics of economics , what was the economy ?
They wanted to stir up their balance . They wanted to depend on the future .
They wanted to consume more than more and more .
But the bad thing is that it 's a wrong thing to look at .
It 's called " The lean Slayer " -- it 's slow to slow down the economy .
Politicians constantly continue to call us more , even more rapidly , more accelerating , and we 're going to be able to get the economy to restore the economic growth , we can get it to the fundamental economy .
This is a soccer loop , and this is what 's happening here and our species .
Here 's another one -- a completely different one : why do n't we do what we should do to do that , what 's the obvious thing to fight to change the climate change , that it 's very , very simple to be able to get to the way that the power interface , the high - power device , and , you know , let 's get the lights out of the building ?
These are things that reduce carbon , circulation , saving our money .
But the truth is , even though they have perfect economic importance , why do n't we do that ?
I had a few years ago .
It 's a Friday grade , a Sunday afternoon , and in fact -- actually , we 're moving a new home -- we 're moving a new home .
And I ended up doing a little bit of tricks , and in the window , in window and dressing rooms .
My daughter was five - year - olds helping me with five kids to help me .
And we kept doing a couple of times , and she went to me and said , " Can this really be the top of the mountain ? "

You can hear about how the brain works .
So , this is interesting , and it 's about 40 miles north , and it 's on the vertical axis of the tunnel .
Anybody know how the climate 's climate form is created .
But in fact , the kids do n't get me to get rid of it because it makes suddenly quite clear why we ca n't do this clearly .
We 're going to take them out of the mountain -- the morning will send the children to the bus , and we do n't avoid the YouTube email and work on the food grocery station , to find food on food , in a few striking hours , at the same time , a couple of struts , you know , the High - tech , or TED , for the next few days .
What 's the point ?
" What 's the value of the consumer ? "
Mary took a research in a magazine of poverty , and the first time he had a dozen years ago .
" It 's " she said , " Take social world and find a place of reliable . "
It 's a deep human human view of our lives , and it 's an entirely different view and that 's relatively much more than that .
So who are we ?
Who are those people ?
We 're all about fresh , smart , selfish individuals ?
Or are we actually at the same time as well as the wonderful struggle in the railway station ?
And the psychologist said this there is a readout between the self - behavior and communal action .
These rocks move into evolution , so the selfish behavior is to adapt to a particular environment -- maintain or survived .
But astronomy is our evolution of society .
From our perspective , maybe even more interesting , another way of looking at the behavior and the traditional or conservative .
The new thing is that you need to make yourself rethink .
Narrator : The conventional thing is that the power of stability is a group of groups that have been built .
So suddenly , we looked at a map of human heart .
And it suddenly happened all the time .
What we did is we created economic .
We created the ballast , let us inspire us , inspire our soul , and one of the people 's soul is not paying attention to people .
Again , the answer is clear because it 's not , therefore , about changing human nature .
It 's not , actually .
It 's about openness .
It 's about allowing us to call our freedom of self - similarity and human spirit , and the civil spirit of the human race , to build a lot of self - organizing vulnerability .
What does this mean to the economy ?
What would the economics look like if we look at the human view of human understanding that they 're growing in their hearts ?
It looks kind of like the last five years of community service in England , in the U.S. company , and some of the business companies in America , where they have eco - innovative and social goals .
I just got you to show you this .
It 's a network of Internet searches .
The Web movement works through the sponsors to get the benefit when you search .
It 's also in the same way .
So here we can do that . We can input a cup .
Okay , Oxford , so that 's what we 're going to do . Look at what it is .
And the difference between Wall Street is that , in the same way , this is what it has to do with a very similar approach , but it 's going to kill 80 percent of a rainforest in Amazon .
Let 's do this .
We just click around the National Labs .
Maybe there 's a guy who 's been working on this economy , and this is a page to look at .
And what 's going to happen next is that tomatoes give money to debt , and then the fishermen give the income to an endowment .
It 's got profit from one place and putting it into ecological resources .
This is a different business in a new economy .
It 's a form of form , and if you like it , it might be a lot of what 's going on here -- maybe .
Whether it 's what it is , regardless of a new economy , we need the economy to do it , actually , to put investment into the center of the building , and the idea of thinking .
It 's just right now that investment will not be sustainable and hopeless .
Invest has to be a different approach .
Invest has to be , in new economics , protecting the ecology of the future of our future .
It has to be a dynamic .
It 's going to require low - scale technology and technological infrastructure .
We need to invest in investing in , in fact , an idea of meaningful destruction , and the ability to use it .
And of course , the task is there .
It 's going to be meaningless , if you talk about people , and they do n't have food , clothing and modems .
But it 's clearly clear that this is true .
It has social and psychological goals -- family , shelter , commitment , social life .
And it also requires investing , investment , like , in those , we can connect to where we are , and we 're able to engage in places where there is a place where the parks , the DARPA , a library , an al - pathway place , where it 's a very , very good place to think about the place of the most common citizens , " the places that are going to be a good citizen .
A investment -- investment , ultimately , is just a basic economic concept -- it 's a relationship to the future , a collective future and a common future .
We need that relationship to reflection , to regain hope .
So let me take it back , and I 'm going to go back to this kind of point that people do n't try to spend a cup of money on the top of the month and put it in the circulation .
What can we offer ?
Obviously , we have a responsibility to help them .
Clearly we have a responsibility to create space - scale space in the most poorest countries .
In this case , we 're going to never be able to do that , unless we can re - redefine the real significance of these wealthy countries , and a slightly more nuanced and connected system in development .
And so this is not just a Western conceit of the West .
In fact , a African philosopher named Africa wrote me , " The Guinness Millennium Development Thought " idea of " angiogenesis " to the traditional African .
And I said , " My existence is because of your presence . "
It 's a communal effort .
It 's about deep temperature . The basis of it , I 've tried to show you that it 's all there .
So this is not about replacing development .
It 's not just capitalism .
It 's not trying to change humanity .
What we 're doing here is to take a few simple steps to the right economy .
In that economy , we use a more reliable , more maneuverable and more realistic way to look at what it means to humans .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You 're going to move the stage further , very quickly .
First of all , economists should not be a surprise , so you 've got to take a lot of money on this shelf .
Can you think about every politicians believe that ?
I mean , you can think of a politicians in the U.K. saying , " GDP over the United Kingdom . "
We actually are happier , and this country has a better , better lives . "
Tim Jackson : It 's clearly not you now .
You do n't get the news down there .
You 're going to be able to do something that we 're all talking about .
Can I do that ?
In fact , I 've seen some .
And when we first started doing this , politicians should go out and build out the road , and they 're supposed to go back and we want to go back to caves .
In fact , in the past decade , we 've been doing this thing -- part of the economics of economics and some profession -- that people actually discuss this problem in the world .
Chris Anderson : But it 's mainly made by politicians , or just some indigenous social and company ?
Tim Jackson : You must have to be companies . You must be a citizen .
But it needs political leadership .
This is a scheme , and actually the politicians themselves are stuck in that problem because they 're in the process of that vector .
But actually open to thinking about different kinds of management , different institutions , create space and business to the citizens and the business of the community , and it 's absolutely crucial .
Chris Anderson : If someone wanted to convince you that we could do -- what is that ? -- and that 's what 's going to happen ?
Tim Jackson : I always wanted to know that you could get to the end of the Cold century , which is to get carbon dioxide from the atmosphere , and the problem is that the ecosystem has to do something that has a lot of the impact on the wind , and the water is getting and nutrients and water and all the other things that are going on and down and around and it 's out of water to be able to get them to the top of a water that is so much the same thing .
If you could convince me that we could do this , then , yes , I would like to choose two percent .
Chris Anderson : Tim , thank you very important . Thank you .
1700
In the boat oil spill , the heat shield says the Russians and the DARPA system , which is actually a query , but ignore the whole thing : dengue fever is going to be the real center , and she 'll share a bold plan for the United States : let 's share one of the bold plans for oil .
disaster relief , energy , environment , green , transportation , sustainability
<unk>
Edith Widder : The chemical structure of the oil
I want to talk about the political chemicals of oil spill , and why it 's important , but the heat shield , we also need to keep focusing on .
But before I talked about politics , let me talk about oil vessels .
This is a picture taken out of this picture , and I visited Alaska in Columbia University , where I went to see the American independent exam testing the ability to burn oil spills .
Now you can see some of the oil vessels , you see a little bit of ice , and you 'll see the two stars .
It 's a good thing to burn .
It 's actually a very abstract thing to do with the American consumer .
Our world population is four percent ; we use 25 percent of the world .
We do n't know what oil is , until you test it till you get it to the molecule , and you 're going to understand it .
That 's what happens when you eat .
And it 's called " Heidi . "
And I suggest you find the opportunity to look at the oil absorbent , because you 're going to never listen to the political science of oil , the political science of oil .
It will replace your retina .
And this is , the retina is being Engelbart .
Let me give you a talk about oil vessels .
It 's a fragile molecule .
It starts with a very small molecule , and it 's a carbon - and - white -- that 's the methane .
And these are the ones that are in the middle of a million tons .
You 've heard about breastfeeding ; they 're highly depressed .
And then comes into these big , dense , clunky molecules that have hundreds of carbon , and they have thousands and thousands of tons of mass , heavy metals and modems and all kinds of odd molecules .
It 's called asphalt ; they 're the ingredient of shore .
They 're very important in oil spills .
Let me give you a talk about oil absorbent in the water .
And this is what happens to the oil spill .
Oil do n't heal , oil .
If it 's anti - absorbent , the oil spill is a completely different story .
The other thing is that when oil is exposed to water to water .
It spreads into very thin thin , so it 's a difficult way to get it .
What 's going on here is that the stuff of light is going to go down and down , some of the toxic ingredients are killed in the red line and some fish , the red bar .
And Carrie Highway -- this is the decision - making thing -- asphalt is an striations of tar - up stores , like the Grand Canyon .
It 's about the amount of protons that are embedded in water , and it makes it very hard to handle .
It also makes it solemn .
When the OPEC boat occurs in Spain , the size of the Red Brigades is the equivalent of an umbrella of sand in the surface , and it 's like Styrofoam Lynn .
The difficulty of cleaning it is incredible .
And each one goes to the water .
And the same thing that happens when oil and water is moving into politics , it can not avoid .
First American consumer history , faced for oil supply .
They 'll have " I find ! " immediately , when we look at the other point , we 're looking at oil .
So I 'm going to tell you a little bit about the origins of these political institutions , because it 's important to understand why this summer is so important .
And no one wakes up the morning and said , " Wow ! I 'm going to put some of the towers out of 12 carbon molecules , and my gas station is driving . "
No , they said , " Oh , I have to buy gas .
It 's too crazy . The oil companies are very different .
I 'm being told how to do that .
It 's helpless . "
And that 's what we 're doing in the Houston store . In fact , the goal is to get rid of our anger .
You might find a lot of rice , and it 's like that , it looks like a automated stick .
I 've talked to engineers about the engineers , and it 's designed to reduce our anger , because we 're born with artificial constraints .
See how bad it is .
But in fact , what I 'm talking about is that most American people agree with the price of fuel , and not the world of <unk> .
But the bad news is that we do n't know what the consumption is , it 's a lot of fun , and we actually design this system , if you want to get a job , first of all , you have a car that 's going to drive and to find the job .
It 's actually ridiculous .
Another curious thing is about how we buy gasoline , and we can do something else .
This is the U.K. BP .
It 's green , it looks like a green road .
Now , you know , " Why are some of the things that are so strong to convince people ? "
And the reason is , when we buy fuel , we have some sort of continuity .
We have a very upset one . We wanted to go somewhere else .
It 's not just sitting here . On the other side , we want to do something green .
We were in the essence of our design .
And it 's interesting . It looks pretty funny .
But this is actually why it 's beyond the phrase " 50 percent . "
One part of energy is that we do n't talk about how we reduce the amount of money we use .
We talked about energy mass . We talk about breastfeeding .
We 're talking about the resources that are not invented .
So , Aristotle is a part of the oil spill , and it 's really important to tackle oil spills .
The political politics is a very moral audience .
The oil is like a big cliff , and it involves engineering , financial and everything , but actually we think it 's moral .
This is a picture of a sneak preview , and you can see , there 's some birds here .
And some of the reporters saw this , and they said , " This is a dirty business . "
But they also see what people do n't do to make money .
They 're not farmers , they 're not going to get what they 're doing .
It 's a new species .
And the moral problem of that is that it 's a matter of competition , early years .
And then , of course , here 's John Jones .
And what 's about John Fowler is that he entered the chaos of this chaos , and he 's going to get a company into a movable company , a <unk> .
It 's very scary . You think Wal - Mart is a horrible business model , and imagine what this is going to look like in the ' 50s or ' 60s .
And this is also what we 're proposing to do with oil .
But what 's really striking about this is the journalist 's Bell Bell , and went down to the cable sail and then put it on the whole pile .
But in many ways , the upshot of the paddock is that we do it .
And one of the things that 's going on on the board says , " He 's like a nose , like the nose .
No , no .
He 's got his eyes out of his eyes , and he 's filled with gravel . "
So that guy still persists with us .
I mean , this is a very common -- it 's part of our genes .
And this guy is here .
So , lest you want to know why we 've got high oil or oil spill , we put these CEOs into Washington , and they 're going to try and reconstruct them .
And this is what we 've been doing since the celebrities , and when we asked them , " Why are these dirty managers ? "
We seem to think of the entire oil industry as a business company .
We tried to look at it from moral perspective , not from a legal and financial perspective .
I 'm not saying that these guys ca n't tell questions , I just say , when you look at them whether they 're a group of finance , you actually do n't actually find the point , and you 're actually going to do the same thing , or you 've got to be able to get the law to change the way that we get to the right side of the oil and reduce it .
So I said this is a rectangle .
But this is a good one , and it 's very powerful , as you can see earlier .
What 's most important about oil spills is they have a strong political argument .
I mean , this is from the BP oil spill in southern Nigeria .
This is a picture of a bird .
They really do influence people .
In the way , the oil spill of the North Side , which is the globalization of globalization .
It 's going to be a sixth - up line .
It 's also about the state of the National Environment Act , clean air legislation , and clean water Act .
All of this is from this period .
I think it 's important to look at these images and understand what 's happening around us .
In contrast , we 're standing there , feeling helpless .
And we looked at these pictures , and then we realized that we were in the role of the supply chain .
We 're going to put these dots on the supply chain .
And we looked at -- as the celebrities , we had a " I found " moments .
And that 's how the oil spill is so important .
But we do n't have to look at it as well as it 's to focus on focus .
We really need to get into the question , and the problem is .
Two thousand barrels of oil spill us to address some of these symptoms .
We 're not active ; it 's a very passive thing .
So we were just one of the Rovers on the East Coast and the West Coast .
We stopped in the middle of the arctic civilization , but we actually did n't actually reduce the Atlantic Ocean .
In fact , consumption is growing .
The only way you can reduce our consumption is that it 's a high price .
And as you can see , what we 're seeing is that we 've been losing it because we 're going to have a lot of money and it 's very expensive .
We only have two percent of the world 's population of oil absorbent , and the oil spill is conserved .
And it also led to another thing that happened . In Christopher Africa , Nigeria , or Nigeria .
It 's like grapes - oil , and when we do n't get a place where we ca n't preserve the oil system .
And this is exactly the same time as the recline Pond , which is the equivalent of every year .
We know that the oil spill , because we 've seen everything that 's happening , the people who live in this room live .
There are thousands of people who are starving every year , and there are two major places that have twice the top place .
And these people who live in America might be in this room .
They might have a dozen or a half degrees , and they 're entrepreneurs . They actually do n't want to do that .
And this is actually another group of people who are very different .
And the other thing that we do , because we 're going to move forward to the power , but to play a trick .
One of the great oil programs that are going on is where the oil companies are responsible at the time of oil .
American American debt would benefit , the World Bank , is about oil companies .
This is a huge trick problem .
And I was there .
We came up with this very black - black flower , and a guy who came out of the green ♫ I said , " Oh ! That 's . "
And then there was a guy who went out and ran out of it , and then we realized that it was important .
They have their own private military force .
But at the same time , it 's more unstable , and we 're not paying these fees .
We paid these fees in April 15th .
We do the same thing as a force to replace the ocean .
This is a sneak preview . It was a year we had in Iran .
And the U.S. was initially scaling up , and we were n't paying for a promotion .
We paid that in April , and we could n't even calculate these cables .
It 's a place where it 's all support for us to rely on oil supply , to support our energy consumption , which is not part of the Gulf of Mexico .
Now , what 's happening in the Gulf of Mexico -- as you can see , this is about oil and oil .
It became so dynamic .
It turns out that it 's not a combination of deregulation , but it should be a bird - protected civilization .
And every time you buy fuel in America , half of them actually are actually in the wind , because the fumes actually has about 50 percent , and a lot of dry tubes .
So the people in the Gulf are essentially the same kind of system that we have to do with this .
Finally , families in America are also about oil .
On the other hand , the price of paying it is not so high when you think about oil absorbent , but in other words , it turns out that people do n't have a lot of transport choice , which is the most part that they pay for their livelihood , most of the people in the workforce .
And if you look at some of these people a year , they have two kids , and they might have three or a half or more work .
They 're actually spending more money in cars and gas prices more than they 're paying to care and health care .
And the same thing happens over 50 percent .
The cost of oil is a huge amount of spending in the U.S. economy , but it 's very hard to think about what happens when the family is going to go .
So what I 'm going to tell you now is : How do we do this ?
What 's the legal legal ? What can we do ?
And it turns out that we need to get away from those Rovers .
We should go away from scratch .
We should go back to these molecules .
And the Rover is , but we need to focus on the molecule .
And one of the things we need to do , is that we should not sing our own selves , and we can have a green world .
We need to focus on the oil .
Now , what you see here is this picture of oil in the U.S. economy .
It 's going to come from here -- useful stuff , and these are useless things , it 's called the wind energy , the waste , in the top .
You can see that the waste is more potent than the ones you can see .
One of the things that we need to do is not just contaminate our transportation rate to get them to become more efficient , and we also need nutrients and our economy .
We need to spend more fuel .
For example , we have a power system that 's driving a year - to - a - half miles of people who have been driving 3,000 miles a year .
This is actually a mile to drive people to drive .
We have incentives , and we have all sorts of developers .
We need more flexibility .
We need to respond to the price of fuel , and it 's really the cost of control .
We 're going to replace the blade of seafood every year , or at least 50 percent , to improve the situation of people in the private sector .
And whether you can get more efficient cars , or create a market - based marketplace , that 's what we need to do .
We need to put it all , and you 'll find more about this information .
This policy is called the Personal Genome Project , and the heat shield , the breakup of the automobile , " The security tours " -- is that it 's more than a helpless state , but we 're going to be becoming stronger .
It 's a specific object .
And all these important things are , we 're trying to transform the same way of being active , thinking about who we , in a special moment , is the whole piece of links .
If , if the oil performance is a high - performance subject in the U.S.
I agree that one dollar 60 percent is a little more expensive , but I think if we start to fly three cents a second , it 's going to grow over six cents the next year , and then after nine cents , we 've been able to give people to two cents to the two and a half cents -- and that 's what we should give us about to get us to do it .
Let me show you a little bit about how it works .
It 's a gas tank , assumed it , from a year a year .
And the first thing that 's going on in this room is that a more powerful American intervention in the U.S.
So you 're not feeling helpless to feel helpless .
And then there 's a marker here with a sticker , and you see what 's going on on your spine .
And what it said is that the state of the National Academy of Sciences has crashed every 15 flights of health care to the cost of healthcare . "
It 's a lot of .
You know , you can see that you pay a little bit of healthcare in the workforce .
And it would n't require you to connect with this huge system .
And there is a number , and you can send more information about the information , or for a different amount of cars , regardless of what you 're going to reduce .
It 's based on the whole policy that we can really reduce across the Pacific -- or the land of the oil Ocean -- 20 to two .
It 's about three million dollars a day .
But for doing that , one thing we have to do is we need to remember the people who depend on the hydrocarbons .
We have to focus on molecules on the molecule , do n't do it because it 's not the green pathway , but it 's not the green alternative .
We have to work very well on doing something that 's really exciting to reduce our current and molecular dynamics .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/cynthia_kenyon_experiments_that_hint_of_longer_lives.html
Christopher Sweeney shows two and " American ads , " in the same series of reports -- in Afghanistan and Chicago -- shows the astonishing effects of television in a different society .
culture , entertainment , global issues , poetry , politics
<unk>
Christopher Dyson : Take a snapshot of the puzzle , and let 's take it off .
And I want to ask you about three people in general ?
You might have a first time .
I believe you all are the American business of America .
You might not know what the spike is , and she 's a <unk> , which is the last iteration of a group of poets , the founder of " Miss Baby , " and it 's not just the rest of the Arab world .
This race is supposed to be created and overcome the original Greek poetry , and it 's a traditional currency of leadership .
PH was a last year , and what she did was she was called " Afghanistan , " " Tennessee . "
And before I continue , I knew that the British people were kind of like this .
But what I 'm talking about is I want to tell you -- hopefully , I can tell the players who are involved in this kind of text , which is how they change the answer to the text , and how they can change their arms .
I 'm going to give you an example in Afghanistan and the Arab world , and they change conflict , not by introducing the Western thinking , but through the language of the community community .
It 's all about entertainment .
We looked at Afghanistan , and we said " Afghanistan " .
We 're going to see " Afghanistan , " in the late evening .
We 're going to be nine .
We have to look at Afghanistan .
So these are all handmade .
In Afghanistan , people are not going to get to see this show .
They do n't have a TV set .
It 's all in the middle of the world , even though there 's a public field .
But it 's not just just looking at this , because part of that is that it 's a lot of water .
People were involved with some volunteers , and the volunteers of the political elections were the ones that they had to support their participation .
They 're also paying care .
And of course , some people just put it from the top of the area , but not so far .
Because every year it was coming from different tribes .
They could n't be trained for a lot of the women .
And there 's two of them , and there are two pieces of wood .
One of them is a scrambled band , from a very high place from San Francisco .
On the weekly Republic of Chicago , she told us that her friend advised her to not go to the office and say she had to beat them for democracy .
But she said she knew that there was a violin director called the DARPA Corporation .
The Jill Tarter was the competition of a group called " Baby II . "
And I had to say , her husband started to support her .
But her tribal and family family does n't support her to go to her .
But when she started the game , they started with her .
Looks like competition and bullying are human value .
She went to play .
The poetry of writing is about women and social lives .
Just by showing you , by looking at themselves and men , from the polling stations , the proof of the young women who have been able to make a good example of a young woman , and the audience has a lot of women at the same time .
You might think , " American American business is going to lead to a factor of progress .
But it 's not true .
And by the way , through the form of a traditional culture , the traditional state of culture has actually led to the focus of the people , and it 's the role of what 's going on in the midst of <unk> and dance and music .
In Afghanistan , in Amsterdam , the World Trade Center has been asked for years to talk about their traditional musical music .
They were yelling to the Afghan Institute of Afghanistan .
They also started studying failure , not to win the failure of failure .
Things are important .
In the end , a piece of the American American music program was called " Casablanca , " " fighter . "
In the show , people were introduced to the polling stations and they were voting .
A lot of them were very young , and they could n't travel to president , but by asking consent .
To me , the potential meaning is to see how to influence the reality .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/joshua_walters_on_being_just_crazy_enough.html
And when he stepped down to the North Pole , he confessed that he would never wake up in the checkout line , and then he heard the bow of the playground -- and he knew it was a whole new piece of pedestrian climbing -- it 's not only only about it , but it taught him a new kind of thing .
activism , adventure , climate change , global issues , morality , science , sports
<unk>
And the implication of that is that it 's going to change the way that it 's going to evolve .
Last year , when I stood on here , I was talking about the South Pole .
And that was happening in three years ago , like yesterday .
And I remember standing on the edge of the boat , and I 'm going to take it to the bottom of my head and then I think , I 'll never see the Earth if I do n't see the Earth .
And the water is black .
The temperature of the water is the speed of pain , C - Fi .
This is the ice cream of the Arctic Ocean .
And one of the ideas came out of my head : if this was a little bit of a problem , I spent a lot of time on the bottom of this hill , right ?
And I told myself , I 'm going to take this idea at the top of my mailbox .
And you can get me out of this cold water , and the only way to climb up to four kilometers is listening to my iPod , so I 'm going to hear all the song , I just heard all of my song and I 'll hear everything that 's a great -- and then take it off the edge of the nicest opera to get the wind in the Atlantic Ocean .
It took me 18 seconds a time , but it seemed like 18 days .
And I remember when I came out of the boat , I was so painful and I looked at my fingers , and the fingers were kind of like incoherent , because -- you know , we 've got part of it -- and , in fact , there 's a piece of cake that 's frozen , so I 'm going to take my fingers off , so I 'm going to die .
And I 'm going to do this firsthand at the bottom of the boat : I 've never been prepared to swim in freezing water .
And so , last year , I heard the Grand Canyon and the presence of the ice -- because the glaciers of climate change .
I heard this lakes .
This is what happened a few years ago when the Galapagos melts .
And these are the top lines of these glaciers , and then they leave it here .
So I believe that I 'm going to get to see the beach in the middle of the Earth .
It 's almost 20 billion people in the world -- a third of the planet 's population -- it 's going to be a lot of water .
And the world 's population has doubled , and the wind is supplying -- because the change is going to be so fast -- so I have a very shaky threat that we have .
In the north , we 're in China ; the North , and we have India , Pakistan , <unk> , all countries .
And so I decided that the fertility was the height of the Earth , and how on Earth was going to be a symbol of an accident .
I do n't know if you have a chance to go to bed , but it 's a test .
It 's about 28 , and it 's all about all the equipment that 's going to go to the Houston store -- I 'm not projecting it up . And there 's a camera team in the world .
The challenge of swimming this is not only 54 percent .
What I wanted to do is swim swimming on the sea floor .
So heaven is .
The breath is very , very close . You 'll get a parachute .
You would be a person who was stuck with a stick to your mailbox .
That 's not the worst .
And the worst thing about this is they decided to do a piece of paper in the Gulf .
A lot of them were on the shelves , and then they decided that they were decided to get rid of all their bodies and put them on the pedal .
And when you want to do something , some of you do n't do anything , in fact , fish actually get out of it , and it does n't have any fish on the shelf line , there 's no fish where you 're trying to get these things , then you can see that these maggots are going to be a little bit of a letdown .
And then we went through the path .
And then in our right hand , we have a huge tank in the right place .
And then what we 're looking at is the ice that we see on the top of the ice caps .
And then we get in the middle of the Houston Film Festival , and then I 'm ready to prepare myself , as usual , because it 's a very difficult swim .
I took my iPod , I heard the song , and I asked me how much money I could get -- but it could be controlled by controlling the water .
And I was trying to swim down to the landing of the past , and then I suddenly realized that I got a big problem .
I ca n't breathe .
I eat breath .
And I started walking , and it led me to water .
And so this happens so fast and -- I do n't know how to do it -- but I 'm not going to get back to it .
But the lucky thing is that the water is better , and I can jump through the waves and lay the other green manure .
And I said , maintain , insist , struggle .
I went up and I got six pieces of water , and then I picked up the waves .
But I do n't know where the force is , I can put myself on the ground to the fastest speed .
And I heard that the most important way you can die .
I never heard this kind of nonsense .
This is the most scary thing you 've ever experienced .
I brought myself up the stairs .
And I grabbed my teammates , and then we went through the fastest speed of the speed -- in 170 -- for us .
And there we sit down and we sat down , and then we made a look at where it 's wrong .
And then my office would tell me .
They said , " Name a long time , if you want to do this , you 'd like to finish this swimming .
You have to forget anything about swimming in the last 12 years .
And forget about what you 're learning in the U.K. government , about the speed and the groom , you just put it in front of it .
We want you to spend two days in the mountain .
Take a look at and think about it .
We want you to spend two days in the mountain . Do n't get wet , but slowly slowly spreading .
Do n't do it , but it does n't use the glue .
And remember , do n't take care of it .
It 's time to go to swim .
So we went back two days later to go back to the airport .
And I 'm standing there in the middle of the lake , and I look at the top -- and she 's the most beautiful piece on the Earth -- I just like to say that I 'm talking to myself .
And this is the mosquito .
I could n't tell you when I got to the other side of the lake , I felt better .
But I learned from the waist down to two very , very important lessons , and I thank you very much .
The first thing is , no matter what 's going on , it does n't mean it 's the future .
And the same thing , now , in my job , I asked myself , how do I do this ? I need a attitude to success .
And it came to think about climate change , and that was , frankly , all the questions , the rest of the problem -- not because we 've been like this kind of a long time , no matter what we 're like , but we do n't have a lot of time for us to do this as if we 'd been so much like that , that we would like to be so long .
The signal is there .
When I was born , the world was only 35 billion .
Now there 's a sixth billion and then we expect to be 90 billion .
And here 's the second lesson that 's going on here , has changed .
And I 'm here to talk to you about what you 're doing in your environment , and what can you do to ensure that our grandchildren can live in a safe world , the most important , important world ?
And I asked you , please , come from here and imagine what you 're going to do , and you can imagine how radical it is to make a big change , how to fix it .
Some of these kinds of blogs are about to talk about all these different blogs , and it 's a conversation , because if we take control of it , it 's not impossible .
So thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/al_gore_on_averting_climate_crisis.html
Susan Papert was a inventor , and the genius of the speech issued , in this talk , shares a kind of interesting invention of Intelligent cables and a lot of fun .
MacArthur grant , arts , collaboration , design , innovation , invention , materials , open - source , interface , technology
48
Susan Schwartz on the economics of life
Okay , we start . And who am I ?
When people ask me what I do , I usually talk about people .
" I 'm doing a hardware box , because it 's a direct ribbon of what I do now .
This is a recent event in Silicon Valley , and I 'm talking about this . He said , " Funny ! "
I was really stupid .
It should say something else .
And then it occurred to me that I could tell you that if we looked at 100 years , we saw all kinds of problems , and the big problems are clean and clean , clean energy -- and it 's something that 's going to be more and more clean .
It 's not saying we 're ignoring software or information or computing .
So here 's what I talk about today .
I 'm going to tell you how we make things and the future , and what do we do ?
And if you 're a good talk , TED will give you a tremendous amount of money to tell you , it 's going to do it , do n't do that , you have to fill a big set of forms , and you 've got to put a lot of it and you do n't even know what you 're thinking about , I think , TED is going to be a future .
And one of the things that I 've been very nervous is because , in fact , the future is not predictable , so you 're forced to lose failure .
And I was a brilliant colleague , who said , " Well , if you want to talk about the future , what would you tell ?
My colleague is a brilliant guy , and he said , " The future is great .
It 's better than you can imagine .
We 're going to have to give the cells to re - rethink their genes , and they can allow your thumb to think about it .
Maybe you might think that it 's a little bit of a kind of recline that we 've done very well , and the story is possible .
This is not my work . That 's my job .
It 's called an appointment .
It 's a group of teams that are developed by the EPA , and the other one of the other people , and the other one is very , very good people .
What they do is they think of life as a swarm system .
Really , you can think of it as a model that can build a program together .
So this idea is really interesting .
This is a lamp . It 's a very simple computer .
Here 's an Agile calculator .
Or from the amygdala points , it 's like a light switch .
A big student created this stuff in a biology race .
In the same competition , this competition came from the University of Michigan , and the students were using bacteria programming to make bacteria and control the hull or the hull , and the hull .
And it 's interesting because it means that we can use the equivalent of the situation like " The Oprah Album , " for example , for " The Eagle Nebula . "
It 's a very interesting trend , and we 've lived in the world as a kind of vague world , which is the form of form , but I believe that I 'm in a lab -- like Neil McCarthy , I 've been working on the future of a world like Agnes professor , with the information professor and the functions .
I 've been thinking about it for a six - year time , but to show you that art is more than a science of science , and this is a cartoon that I draw .
That 's what I did with a very good book called HyperCard Hill .
And it took me a little bit of my time at MIT , and so many of the celebrities I would like to describe what I was doing , but for this book , he just had to put it down . It was our inspirations .
And he was a very interesting kid , and it was his sister 's wife , which is what he 's doing right now , what 's going on in his career .
In fact , you can use programming , to make things self - assembly , so he starts making a change from the chocolate , and he starts making a change .
So , from the theory , if your program has enough enough , you can make something fun to create a complex structure .
He loves to love a three - dimensional structure , and now it 's an impostor .
And I 've been thinking about this because this is the way that we 're building things right now .
This is a very , very small - scale material that 's actually emitting a lot of light .
And the other side has killed .
On the right , there 's a windshield fractal .
It 's a single - celled creature in the ocean .
And this is the diameter of 20 nanometers , and it has the complicated three - dimensional structure .
We can also use a lot of other things , if we know , to build a three - dimensional structure like a tinkerer colony .
And the truth of biology is that it 's going to take a calculation of a kind of calculation , and this is a ring that 's actually a rusty to replicate DNA .
And those are the same things that are going on and the other thing is that it can help make proteins .
And I 've been thinking about being able to build a lot of interesting things with biological materials ?
Are we designed to design machines with self - replicating machines ?
Can we let the complexity of complexity in a system that is self - organizing ?
Because it 's a very good advantage , because there are a lot of high - speed damage , and so on .
So this is how I work to build a system that can make self - replicating systems .
And a little bit like a computer design program .
These are hopping mechanical computers .
These are five - legged dynamics .
You can see there are three levels of light switch .
In nature , they 're not self - sufficiency .
But if I do that , they can be self - replicating .
Let 's take a look at the white and blue , the blue , the white .
And they 're code , and they can make copies , from one to two , to four and four .
So we got this system of self - replicating systems .
It was an original father , and it was a father 's father .
And he did a lot of research in the ' 60s , but many of his theories about logic , because we went to the digital computer revolution , and we 've seen it again .
And then I 'm going to show you a little bit about the process of being built , which is the process of self - replicating process .
It 's a green amount of input , green and green , yellow , yellow , green .
We put it on the table at the bottom of the day .
And a lot of scientists are excited about this game , and if you look at it all , you can feel that it 's a long time , because you 're actually looking at the mud from the ingredient .
We saw the dots flashing through self - replicating .
But why does it make light to make a copy ?
Because biology has a kind of deterministic - shaped cell , and it 's easy to make sure that you can fold it into a three - dimensional structure .
So I wondered if we could use a mechanical system and make it the same process ?
And what you see here is that we can take a two - dimensional B chart -- it 's based on the basis of a piece of data that is very simple .
And what we 're trying to do is to set up a very simple pattern , which is very simple , because we do n't need to use the numbers to do the calculation .
So we can compare those things more than a lighter chip .
So you can do that as an basis , as a model of raw materials .
I 'd like to show you a little bit about this video , and I 'm going to show you the video , but I 'll just give you a minute .
So this is a picture of what they 've been installed .
Layer at each color , there 's a different type of instructions that can be accurate .
If you know a little bit about social knowledge and look at this , you 're going to be very comfortable because it can evolve for any three - dimensional structure , and actually , I can draw a dog and transfer it to a tone and put it into a linear object .
And what 's happening here is very interesting when you look at this world .
And the whole universe is a machine machine .
So I thought , well how do you program the physical universe ?
How can we integrate materials to the structure of the fabric and the computation problem ?
It 's not just about the end of a cup , but it makes the structure and the mechanics itself , it 's the computer .
And when you understood the ideas , we can see a lot of problems in terms of different perspectives .
If the universe is a computer , you can think of it as a kind of computing thing .
You give it some kind of conditions , like gravity , density and so forth , and then the magic of the universe gives you a perfect fill - up file .
And that kind of thinking can be used to tackle the rest of the world , like five to 10 million people , to buy cheap glasses .
Are we able to make a machine that makes it available anywhere , in their needs , to the fastest speed ?
So this machine is a machine you really need to hook it up .
For example , by making circles , you get a blade of wood .
And if it 's a symbol , it can be used to make Legos .
And then you put it on top , and it 's going to require another process .
In fact , as long as you have these two pieces of data , the edge and the pressure , which we can see , could be able to fill up all the smoothest surfaces , and it 's about eight to eight percent .
And then we hook it up to the Rift Valley .
I 'm studying anthropology .
It 's a three - fold number three .
Put it on the wall , the heat blows , and then the wound blows .
I see this video , but I do n't know if it really works .
Narrator : So this is a very old one , and we have a new kind of archetype , which is the head of the two two things that can make you look at it .
After the lens , we put it out .
This is a map of the last year , and a lens shaped the drawing .
You 'll see that it 's a very small amount of pain .
And when I rotate from the side , you 'll see that it 's the same thing that we 've regressed , and we can get the physical property of the system .
So this is a kind of a pattern of computing and structure , and the idea of information can be added to other things .
This is what I did with a friend of mine at Panzi .
With the rope , you think it 's complicated .
When it 's an old , it 's a structure .
The different fields are going to lead to a different structure , and you can add some of the fibers that make it a sensor .
So this is a rope - based rope , and you can see the amount of the rope of rope - tail .
When you start looking at the world , then it 's going to be a computer that you can do .
Now I 'd like to add this picture .
And I 'm going to show you some things I 'm thinking about thinking about .
Now , what I 'm interested in now is that if you really take the universe as a computer , how do we create something that is common , and how can we share things with the way we make things ?
A lot of people have been talking about this kind of talk about having a lot to engage with a problem with each other , and the benefits of collaboration .
And as a man , we 're all going to move through a linear time , unless they can change the fact that we can do it .
So , you know , whatever you do , or you create whatever they are , and you see it in the ' 50s and ' 70s , " and the most beautiful way to show this .
Their products are the best geeks .
So I thought , how can we make things like this ? Is that people ?
And I think it 's all about the concept of finance .
Derek Hirshberg said yesterday that I 'm talking about how I can get everybody involved to design the process of design that the Earth can contribute to their feet ?
And if you look at the speech , she 's talking about how you get MIT to go to Haiti to help people to build their community community .
And I think we need to rethink , and the idea of thinking about structure , materials and things that we do to share information , or how we can actually share things with a better way to do it , to build things in other people .
Now I do n't know what to do , but I believe a lot of people are thinking about this .
And so can you get this kind of problem ? Is this a path ?
And there 's a lot of fun .
Maybe I 'm going to talk about a little bit of abstract , but if we go back to this kind of cartoon , I think the future will be very common from the biological technology , and I hear Bill Davenhall , I hear Bill Joy , which is exciting .
They 're hoping they 're going to invest in the bed , but we 've seen these new towers .
How can we take the real information and the desire to really look at the world , but the new world is not going to be about two points of view , which is a very , very long time to go to the computer .
Clearly , it 's a very interesting view .
I might be a little bit mad .
PH : I think I 'd like to do it for a few minutes , and I want to say I 'm going to do something very extreme , and I 'm going to try and tell you a little bit .
Maybe I could put this video .
This is a millimeter of 3,000 feet , and it 's a minimum of power .
Or to go back to the very different view of the universe .
This is a Guinness of a sudden named Steven Johnson .
Why do you do this big king ?
It 's exactly the size of your family .
Because it 's just that you can break a boat .
And I 'm talking to some friends .
And this is a different kind of view -- if you give me an abstract language , it 's a structure of the universe .
You can do it like the same pattern , but the calculations of physics allow it to do a very strong air structure .
And the speed of the boat is so interesting that it 's a very interesting application .
http://www.ted.com/talks/eric_dishman_take_health_care_off_the_mainframe.html
How do you reduce the resources in the city for the future of future resources ? Cary Fowler shows some very characteristics of the community of community - based green schemes that we have to expand into our needs .
architecture , cities , collaboration , design , energy , environment , green , technology
<unk>
Marco Tempest : The future of tomorrow 's future
And climate change is a very heavy subject , and it 's becoming more heavy because we know we need to pay .
And we know that , in fact , the people who live in the developed world have to do the best job of work .
It 's a little bit closer , and it 's not just just theoretical .
And when we look at the real problem and the big problem , it 's a little bit of sense .
When the tricky problem occurs in front of us , we 're trying to find a simple solution .
I think that 's what we 're doing right now .
We see levels of gas -- they come from our lexicon and boards and so forth , and then we said , " Well , the problem is that they 're burning the fossil fuel , so it 's going to be the solution to clean energy .
And even though , of course , we really need clean energy , and I 'm going to show you that if we take the climate crisis , the problem is that we actually get rid of the solution of our problem .
And the reason is that we live in a planet that is very fast .
That 's not news to us .
But sometimes we have a hard time to remember urbanization .
We 're going to have about 80 billion people in the Media Lab -- maybe more -- the population lived in cities .
We 're going to become vulnerable to urbanization .
In order to give enough energy to go to 80 million people , we live in cities , and even like the city of the urban world , where we 're going to have to make a tremendous amount of energy .
Maybe we do n't have to be much more clean .
So if we 're serious about how we can stop climate change , we need to find other ways of dealing with the other solution .
This is a solution , actually , because all of the city we built is the opportunity .
In large terms , the city of urban cities determines the power of the group .
We tend to use energy to think of as a behavior -- I choose to turn this back -- but in fact , we live in the community and the cities of the city , and we have a lot of energy .
I 'm not going to show you a lot of diagram today , but if we look carefully at this graph , it shows that many things we need to learn about -- and that is , a very simple fact , if you look at it , the example is that , you know , an example , transportation is directly connected to the U.S. Ocean , in the city of the urban urban and the North Side .
And the other kind of relationships between each other , of course , is that the density of density is about low volume -- if you think about it , it 's not really hard to understand .
It 's basically what we 're going to do .
We went out and we walked into our beds , and then the cars went into the road .
Normally , we use maneuverability to achieve our choices .
But when we live in the middle of the community , we 're going to see , of course , what we need to do is , of course , things are around us .
Because the most green way is that you do n't have to travel the way that we 're not going to be able to go and get a bit more green .
Raising the density of community , it 's completely impossible .
And some places are doing something like a new kind of dynamic , sustainable development , if you understand this job , and you think it 's great , but most of the time , we 're talking about the city of a city that we have .
So we 're more talking about cutting - up development : that 's the kind of thing that we have in the architecture of the building and the things that are happening to us .
Cities have developed a different kind of space that we 've used now to create different kinds of new space and power .
Suddenly , we realize that we do n't even need to increase the density of the city .
Instead , it 's led to the average density of density , and we do n't have the opposite level .
We can reduce this notion of specific density .
You can think of it as a couple of Legos of a tent , and it 's going to really improve the whole area of the city .
And we found that when we were to do it , actually , in a certain area , there are a couple of different areas that are very common in the same area .
Now we might find a lot of the density of density , but it 's still going to be the percentage of their car , and the general thing is , when we put people together in the right conditions , we see that there is a generalized impact on what they think they 're thinking of when people think about the feeling of efficacy .
This is going to save a very , very small amount of energy , because it 's just the beginning of the decade , which is just the beginning of the climate change .
And there 's a car of cars , dengue fever , all the parking , and all the parking .
When you 're able to solve all this elements , because some people do n't use any kind of equipment , it can actually reduce 90 percent of the traffic in the U.S.
People are scaling up .
In the global world , we see more and more people who get to this walk .
And people think that the ideas are coming from a dream of dreams , including a community community .
And when you put those tools in our usual communication , you see , actually , our lives have more choices .
There are some options .
This is a map that shows you , and it shows up from my home , from 30 minutes , in the 30 minutes .
Some of them are walking , and it 's not all right .
This is a Google map .
I asked myself how big it was to go to the Rift Valley , and it told me .
It does n't show it , it 's going to fall out of the way , or it 's going to miss the road .
But technology is beginning to see these tools , and it 's going to go around us .
So , as we just heard of , we 're also learning how to put information in those tools .
Put it in these wireless tools , we 're learning how to put information into these markers .
And the upshot of this is that we found that the key thing we thought was that there was a lot of product , and it actually did n't actually make us live in the very high environment .
And what we 're looking for is that we want to get things like this .
My favorite example is climbing up the number of examples , where you 're sitting on a pathway ? Raise your home ?
I have it .
It 's used for six or 20 minutes , and it depends on who ask you to ask who you ask .
So what we do is we buy these two hours of absorbent , and there are thousands of little holes in the wall and then put them on a wall .
Our cities , and I 'm going to show you a lot of the ability to get a lot of this .
So we tried to find a new way of using this capability -- for example , for cooking or to do it , and even if we could see , we might find the amount of products that actually put these products into the services that we need to use .
In fact , even space itself is becoming a community .
We found that people could share the same thing as a space to do it .
It 's the place where the building works .
So we 've got a new design to help us need the power of energy power -- like California and dust , and so forth -- becomes a device of power .
We let the building go natural .
Using the vertical axis , the helium blows the surface .
In fact , when we 're using these design , we find that the energy level of the building is 90 percent .
And the other thing that brought up is that it 's a very , very simple way to get rid of the dictionary , and if a building does n't need to be a lot of money , you save a lot of money .
The building costs more than less than before .
Now when we 're going to cut the products , we cut out the transportation energy , and all this is great , but some of these are great , but some things require to improve .
If we wanted to really be fully sustainable , we need to think about something different .
Here 's a way .
This is an academic campaign , and it 's about how much of their cities are .
They have thought that a sustainable urban city must be in green .
So we have this kind of imagination .
So imagine this .
These are great ideas , but they 're not going to be a very important part of the building , and the system is built behind .
For example , they 're not going to use the water to reduce the water supplies .
Carbon energy .
And their point of view is that they include green infrastructure , which is the bottom of the water , and it 's also used to use their lives to clean the city .
And if they go back to the ecosystem around us , we keep around the river around them .
They 're focusing on the dynamics of the properties of flowers to pollinate the bees and the waiter , and so forth , to return to our cities ?
Even if they 're able to use resources , salt , plastic , etc and so forth , let them go back to the soil and do it in the process of atoms , and that 's where we get carbon .
And I 'd like to tell you all that it 's not just the way they 're being used .
Now , our economy is going to be the same as Paul 's , like Paul said , " The resources in the future , and then the GDP GDP . "
If you increase about 10,000 or 48 billion , or maybe six billion people , if people still live in the way that the future is going to live on the earth , it will be very soon , and it 's going to be very soon .
But if we think about the other way , I think we can have a little bit of the urban cities , and we have infinite possibilities .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/steven_strogatz_on_sync.html
Steven Breazeal on the end of the graph by showing you the temperature of modern violence , which is that even though the world looks very impossible , the Iraq , Darfur , pandemics , are in the history of history , but in fact , it 's in the history of history .
business , culture , global issues , media , violence , war
<unk>
Steven Strogatz on antisocial to violence
This picture took a little bit of a picture like this , and the perception of the 20th century is that we have a new understanding of what we 're looking at in our environment and our time time .
In the 20th century , we 've seen the atrocities of Mali , Susan or Mao Circle , Rwanda , and so forth -- and even 21 years of the 21st century .
And these are the things that we know about the status of the fear of modern civilization , and maybe the Russians can still do it .
And I can give a example of a couple of years ago , in Boston 's world , a writer named Thanksgiving , who wrote the word " Though the Latin American , " but they do n't have the destruction of the chaos , but no one in their neighborhoods did n't usually have a crime , and nobody has a lot of ads , even in the form of two tribes , without the form of destruction .
And we learned from the TV and the books , and it 's the theme of this talk , which is the title of the day , " You know what the truth is , what I 'm going to show you now is that , in fact , our ancestors has to be a little bit of a sense of what 's going on in the history of violence .
In the ' 50s and Iraq , the greatest peace in the history of history , and I 'm going to show you the fact that the truth is , it 's not the case . It 's less likely to reduce the trend of the 16th century , or 10 , 10 or five years , but it does n't seem to be in a 16th - century era .
In particular , in the West , from the U.K. and the Thames .
Let me take you on a couple of dollars to measure the power of the way of measuring the process for the next 10 years , for example , to tell you that this is going to be a long time ago , and until one last time that we have a whole life , it 's not just the raw , the government has been thought of being the original trick , but that 's the best evidence of all the most , the best evidence , but it has a different way of thinking about the world .
This is the chart of his breakthrough showing that men are dying in the midst of war and death .
On red , the red line is the possibility of death for the other side of the man to death , and a few sail from the San Francisco River and the Amazon .
The CRP fighters died at the end of the other day , about 60 and 15 percent , and the blue blue , in the 20th century , there are two countries in America and Europe , including the World War II . If the tribal war is about 100 years , they 're not going to be 100 to the twentieth century .
And also in Millennium Development , we looked at the early civilization of the ancient civilization in the Bible , where we could see the implications of our dreams , and we can see , " They 're going to have the idea of what the war looks like . ♫ ♫ Sobule : In the case of crime , there is no way to kill what 's going on for the next woman and the baby , the winning , but , you know , what you 've got to do ? ♫ Sweeney : So you have to
And in the Bible , you find four and a half minutes .
In the same way , in the Bible , there was an anti - revenge path for such example , such as racism , and <unk> , who was very , very good for the parents , to die .
Now , let 's zoom in on SpaceShipOne , looking at the Digital Project .
And even though we do n't have the Middle East and the modern data data , we just have to rely on the details of the history of history , and we 've been able to reduce the evidence .
For example , anything that has been documented , or tortured or terror , is the destruction of the chaos , and now it 's just going to make you pretty good for a nuclear weapon , in the past possible , to the results , the <unk> and the outcomes of <unk> .
There are tens of thousands of miles across the world , and there 's a layer of wood on the board , and it 's on the vertical axis , and the wind blows up , and so on .
Narrator : A long list of terrorism , such as Saddam Hussein , stole the initiation of the Coke , and , of course , the Buddha is an ideal to be a tragedy , but the mosquito behavior is being used as a kind of a popular form of entertainment , which is the best example of what 's going on on the board , you know , it 's the most interesting example in the bridge . "
So what 's going on there ? It 's because a lot of them documented a lot of paper .
The Highline in the tattooed River is filled with all the ballast in Europe , and the South Pole , the breakup of the village , where the towns of Korea , town , goes to the data and have a digital record .
And he uses a lateral , as a matter of every 100 percent death rate every year , and a little bit of the Democratic Republic of medieval nets , loses less than one one , seven , eight to eight , in the ' 50s and ' 60s , ' 70s , " and the latter is really quite meaningful .
But the murder rate loses at least two orders from the Middle East to the beginning of the data in the early 20th century .
And then I 'm going to leave you with the 10th steps .
And according to some of these NGOs from NGOs , 1945 , in Europe and North America , there was a severe loss of catastrophe , even in South America and in the world , and the death rates of war in World War ] .
And as you can see , death rates from the last few years of War 's war , over 2,000 years , every year , although these wars seem horribly .
Even in 2020 , they can see the loss of violence .
In the end of the Cold War , the civil war did n't have a lot of time , and it was almost impossible to get killed in the middle of World War II , but the mosquito loses 90 percent , even at the ' 50s and ' 60s .
This is the winning crime data . The inventor is more than 50 to 60 to the 1960s , in the 1990s , and it 's going to go back back to the ' 60s ' 70s , and the late ' 60s .
Eleven - 11 , if you 're in this , thank you very much .
So the problem is : Why do n't you have a lot of problems ? I think many of you are so wrong ?
It 's a little bit more noisy . " In this world , it 's better than the 20th century , and the writer 's legendary war is better in the 16th century . "
There 's a kind of cognitive illusion : we understand the stronger things that we know about , and the more you can do it .
We read the instructions of the newspaper every day , and the impact on our memories is far more than a lot of people on the top of bed , thinking and markets have this : No , no one can just say , " You know , something is going to be better . "
In the midst of social society , we 're not talking about the way that people do n't talk to the Western culture , and we ca n't comment on the bad aspects of the Western culture .
And of course , our standard change is more than one of the reasons we behave , and the reason is that there 's a lot of reasons that violence and cruelty have failed .
And that process may look at it , but if it 's more than the current standards , things are more powerful than they 're looking at , and so , now , we 're trained to be a little bit more elaborate , so we 've been trained -- and we should be training -- if there 's a couple of years , you 're going to do it for a hundred minutes , which is that , if you have a promotion , that 's not the case that we do n't think we 'd be able to
So , why is violence down there ? No one can really answer this question , but I have to talk about four explanations , and I think , or I know , maybe I 'm going to be a skeptic , the first explanation is that , " Oh , it 's not a good job . ♫ The first thing is , ♫ It 's a very , very good for the rest of your neighbors -- and , in the last few years , what 's going on in your pocket is to have a kind of
He looks a little bit like a railway station .
They were thinking , " I do n't want to kill that person , but he might kill me .
Now , I was in Hong Kong , and I had a chance to kill him , even though , he would n't have to leave me , but he might think I 'd lost me before he killed me . "
Narrator : And the hunting of a living man is a whole lot of people , and usually the fear of fear is to kill their neighbors .
Now , a way to solve this problem is by <unk> .
You do n't have to attack , but you 're going to show you that if you were trapped , you would have the barbaria .
And the only thing that Windows suggests is that it 's called " Rain , " so it can only be possible to make it possible . To make sure that you 're going to be able to get rid of it , you have to have all the ballast , but it makes a picnic loop .
Life became a show called " The Family family , " and the solution is to solve the way that it 's a single one , and what you 're talking about is that if the leader of violence is an antidote to violence , it is a one - to - a - half - one of a democracy -- and , you know , a country is going to attack the other , because you can get the rest of the human being , the benefits of fear .
And it could be able to reduce your own composition of composition , so , therefore , it led to a country of peace , and the last slide -- the one that you did n't see at the top of the day -- and that 's what you 're looking at .
That 's a little assessment of the puzzle theory .
And the support of it , and what we see today is that we 've seen the heat zone in the Rift Valley : the state of the country , the empire of empire , is the destruction of the United States , the street and so on .
The second explanation is that there 's a lot of thinking about the general ideas of life .
In early adolescence , when the Rift Valley and the Tibetan Plateau , people have a very strong impact on people to die or die , and when technology and economic progress , the benefits of life and their economy is more powerful to the value of lives .
Political scientists have been arguing about this .
And the third idea is that the concept of " Frost " and the game " is in the book of Robert Kennedy 's book , " There 's a couple of things that I 've been talking about in a very special situation , and that 's what 's going on at the very same time , including pests , which is a good thing to do for the rest of the world , as they 're all going to be , for example , to get the destruction of what 's going on .
And Leibniz said that technology has been called " technology " to the game , and human beings often fall into the bridge , trade and ideas in a lot of time .
And the result is that other people are more useful than death , because the reason is because violence has gone up , and it 's one of the reasons that we do n't know if we 're not going to simplify Japan to have a lot of reason , and they built my schedule . "
And the fourth explanation is that there 's an excerpt from a philosopher called philosopher Peter Bateson , and he suggests that evolution introduces a sense of sympathy : the ability to serve people 's interests to their own interests , but unfortunately , we 're only going to use this ability and family to the family .
In the midst of people who were thought to be waiting for the waiting time , could be used to use . But in history , in the history of history it was scaling up . Can you see , what is going on there , it 's going to spread from the countryside to the National Pavilion to expand into the state , and the thing is , there 's something that leads to something else that we should be able to deal with .
There is a lot of possibilities . In this sense , Robert Kennedy thinks that 's what Robert Specter thought .
The Golden Rule is : the better you are , the more you communicate , more and more aware of your benefit , at least in your interests , you ca n't say what you 're going to hear , and you can not say , " I 'm standing in the middle of that time , because you do n't talk to you at that moment .
It also has the potential to expand : according to history , by the history of history and the reality of the real world , the literary magic and a literary language , which allows you to insert your life to your lives and realize that you 're going to take your own life . "
And because of the reason why is violence has a profound impact on violence , and it should inspire us not to ask : " Why is the war ? " And I said , " What 's wrong with peace ? Do n't we just make a sense of what " we 're wrong " ? "
Because we 're doing something about something , to find what we do .
Thank you very much .
Ah .
Chris Anderson : I love this talk . I think many of you in this room will say that , you know , this is what you 're talking about -- Peter Hirshberg says , " What 's the role of technology , because there 's some of the other things that the world 's thinking is , and I mean , it 's something that 's going to happen . "
Steven Breazeal : It 's very compelling . This is the theory , which allows us to enjoy the benefit of collaboration , and I think that it helps us think about what 's going on on the other side of the world . And I thought , you know , if you read what they 're thinking about , what is going to be in the Middle East , but it 's something that they do n't have to have a sense of being able to engage with the people who are being beaten by the human being ,
CA : Very good , Steve , I wish everyone was listening to this talk last year . I think it 's very important . Thank you very much .
Narrator : That 's my great fortune .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sheena_iyengar_on_the_art_of_choosing.html
AIDS is a serious problem in the Congo , and the aid aid is going to be free or low - cost . Why do marketing , why ? Oprah introduces a special answer to a very unusual answer .
Africa , business , global issues , morality , philanthropy
<unk>
William Reader : In Congo sells
I 'm a marketing manager , and I 'm doing international modification .
In October , I spent a long time in Congo , the second country in Africa .
It 's about 300 miles in diameter , and it 's almost about 35 miles across .
It 's a dangerous place .
In the decade , there are 500 million people living in wars .
But the war is not the only reason to live .
And there 's a lot of health reasons .
In fact , HIV is in adult adults .
It sounds like a big scale , but it 's a little more than a million people in the middle of a country .
And they 're very behind , so it 's about 25 percent of the patients .
That 's why part of the institution provides free or affordable .
So I spent there a lot of time and people talking about the topic of aviation and the conversation .
This is a hotel running across the Houston store .
It 's just the only place that it 's going to be nine to nine months .
But it 's the place where the workers and their customers pollinate .
He knew it would n't sell them .
He said , " No need .
And it does n't mean that it 's a very odd way to use it .
Joseph and Kate 's running a cab ball , and they said , even though management costs for free or more money , they do n't have the choice , but their customers are not buying the logo .
They like no branding .
I 'm curious as a marketing player .
So I started looking at marketing .
In charge of management Corporation , they follow three questions , ideas , economics , modems .
They have a kind of dynamic and trust , or trusted .
They take a copy and put it on the board , and we 're HIV - AIDS that we put in this box and reminded you that you give you , or the husband 's pictures to protect them or to keep them safe .
And it 's not just what it means to be the first thing to do .
So that 's what you 're thinking about , what are you thinking ?
Ridiculous !
They sell private companies in these areas .
Their marketing strategy is slightly different .
That 's probably not too much different , but it 's different .
Some of these toys are very large , and it 's very smooth to design .
And this is inspired me to think about the financial sector , and it 's not just the case of a leader .
Unfortunately , their clients have not been working with these people who are working on their jobs .
And the people who are the back are funding their people .
But what we really need to do is stop AIDS , and then we 're going to think about the people who have to deal with the human behavior -- the older women , the young women -- thinking about these people .
So the key : what you 're selling is something that 's not important , you want to think about who your grandparents are and make them change .
Maybe it would be saving their lives .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sirena_huang_dazzles_on_violin.html
In this summer 2010 , Hans Rosling Walker , in the United States , Ed Russell , who took the magic data of the developing world of developing countries , is a mash - up to a new server and the China , and it protects the world .
development , education , medicine , finance , science , technology
<unk>
Hans Rosling : Let me show you data
I 'll talk about your posture .
Look at your posture and my data ?
If not , one of them needs to be upright , right ?
When I was talking to my students about the world , I listened to them as well as I 'm talking about them , and they 're often going to talk about " We " and " them . "
And then when they go back to the class , I asked them , " What are you talking about ? "
" Oh , that 's easy , the world and developing world , they said .
" We learn in college . "
So what 's the definition ? "
Everyone knows , " They said .
But you know , I give them to them .
So one girl said , very smart , " it 's very simple .
The West is a life expectancy in a village .
There is a long life in the developing world . "
And I like to define it because it allows me to move them into my data .
Here you have data .
You can see that this is the size of the family , and every woman has one , two , three , four children on this bench .
In this case , the length of life is about life , 30 or 40 , 50 , 50 .
This is the world of my students .
And this is how it works .
Men and women decide whether they create a small family , whether to take care of their children , and their lives .
It 's with the <unk> and the kitchens , and if you have the water , water and food you know , you can survive .
students are right . It 's not the world 's existence -- world is here , a group of countries , and they have a big family and a very short lifespan . developing developing countries .
And then we have a group of countries that are Western .
They have a little family and long life .
And then you 'll see what 's going on here , and that 's what happens in my lifetime .
The developing world is used to the water and the water .
And all the developing countries are used .
The U.S. is part of the U.S. government and the investment .
And you can see all the family in the world where they go to two kids , and they move to 60 to 70 .
But some countries are there .
And then you see Afghanistan or there .
We also have Penn . There 's Congo .
So we have the national life there .
So my question is that all of my students are still born in the middle of their teachers to be born with their teachers .
And when we , in fact , we 've seen this in the world .
Last week , I was in the world of Health in Washington , and I could see , even at the American level of mental activity , they did n't realize that Mexico , China is compared to the U.S. and China .
See , when I move them forward .
It started .
They were in charge . This is Mexico .
In these two societies , it 's like America .
And what 's going on here is that the global health care sector is less than five percent of people realizing this .
This great country , Mexico , problem is a lot of weapons from the north , across border borders , so they have to stop this , because , you know , they and America 's odd relationships .
But if I can change this , look , even though it 's doing it , I 'll put everybody on it .
Raise the income . I can put it here .
And we 'll see a completely different picture .
By the way , I 'm teaching you how to use our website , and that 's why , why do I do this ? Because this is a free device .
And I finally gave it to it , and I could go back 200 years .
I can find America here .
And I can show you other countries .
Now I have a million dollars on this bench .
Every one of America is about 2,000 dollars .
And life expectancy was 35 to 40 years , and it was the same thing as Afghanistan .
And I 'm going to show you what happens in the world .
This is not learning history , but in college year .
You can see my minute , and then you 'll see everything .
You can see these brown bubbles , and the yellow dots are the U.S. , which is what they 're going to be more rich , but it 's more healthy .
Now this is about 100 years ago when the world 's left .
We started . That 's the big flu virus .
That 's why we fear flu , right ?
We still remember . The downs of life .
And then we went down . Until we were independent .
Look at you here in China , there 's India , which is what happens .
You can notice that we have Mexico here .
Mexico and America is not exactly the same . But they 're very close .
And it 's been very interesting to look at America and China , because now I 'm working on Google to work at Google , and I 've been able to measure the software software after Google , right ?
Because it took a long time , and my son and his wife spent a lot of time to develop this .
And I was learning with a couple of years ago .
So I have two different ideas , you know ?
My son , the tiniest of the smallest , in China , has a long view of view .
And at the end of Google work , he had to develop success , or a six - year - old .
Or Google 's very late , so he could have a year or two years .
But in China , what you 're looking at is the generation of generations , because they remember that 100 years , it was time to pause .
And they remember that the last century was really bad . We called it a Rover .
But in ' 60s .
Mao Tse - tung took healthy to China , and then died . And then you get the amazing progress .
Is n't that weird ? Look at America 's first time to increase the economy and then gradually change .
But China was very healthy , because they used the knowledge of education , nutrients , and they were also using penicillin and vaccines and modems .
This is the economic development development of the continent .
So for me , a public health professor is not so weird for these countries .
Because what you see here are Thomas Dolby on this plane , right ?
It 's not really true .
But those remote income countries , and I 'm going to talk to my kids about the idea of developing countries .
Because after all , talk about developing countries like the American history of two parts .
And the last part was about the president , President Obama , who was the other part of the past , and when you took the time from Washington to San Francisco , it was all in the way .
Because from Washington to San Francisco , this is what we call a developing world .
We can actually go from the Houston age to San Francisco , which is the whole development of the world . That 's the right way to develop cities , and that 's a very , very interesting way , but we also have the industry .
So how better can we understand this ?
Well , one of them is looking at whether we can see the distribution of efficacy .
This is the distribution distribution of the world , from one dollar , and this is where you get food to eat .
These people are hungry for sleeping .
This is the population of these guys .
This is 10 dollars , regardless of whether you have public or private health systems , and this is what you can start to provide your family for your families , to your children , the U.S. countries . The U.S.
This is the Eastern East . South Asia is this one .
And this is happening in the world .
It does change things like this .
Can you see how it grows ? Look at trillions percentile income that goes into poverty ?
And it goes here .
Here 's what I 'm looking for in the future . But I have to leave my brother 's brother , because ... because the prediction is never possible .
It 's about the world .
And it continues like this .
But it 's more than that , and we have a world that ca n't be clear .
We have these high - income countries , the U.S. , and we have emerging economies in the middle , which gives us a foundation of money . And we 've got a million countries here .
Well , the money we have to do is come from these places . In the last 10 years , they 're constantly picking up .
And here we have a million countries , and there are a lot of entrepreneurs getting there .
And here is the state of War , as Afghanistan , in the Congo , the part of Congo , Darfur .
And these are all happening at all .
That 's why it 's really difficult to describe what the developing world is .
It 's a very different story .
And that 's why I recommend that we have a different approach to looking at it .
We have huge differences in countries .
I heard your department is in the area .
Here you have sub - Saharan Africa , South Asia , East Canada , Arab countries , North America , Latin America .
This is the GDP of GDP .
This is health and children survival , and it wo n't be surprising in Africa , in the south , in the right .
But when I split them up , and as I unfold , the size of the bubble is the size of the bubble .
You can see that the stars and the groom are completely different .
There 's a big difference between sub - Saharan Africa .
When I split the rest of the other , the East Coast , Arab countries .
You 're in different places .
Eastern Europe , Latin America , the National Civil countries .
We are here . We 've got a world of dengue .
We ca n't divided it into one part .
This is the age of a Washington , and this is the National Academy .
This is Lincoln , who 's anti - ferment .
This is the Ministry of Defense that will be brought into the country .
And here 's the U.S. today .
We created the country .
Now it 's a matter of understanding how the world changes .
And I think I need to make a talk .
So this is my task , represents the rest of the world , for an American renaissance for the American health research .
A lot of people do n't realize -- it 's not joke .
This is serious .
In this 25 years , for the U.S. government , we have a very good measure of what 's happening in the world .
And this U.S. government , which is the biggest effort , did n't follow a matter of social value .
And also in the Internet , provide free data for free , thank you very much .
The World Bank is there 's a very small amount of money in government and spending on the data , and then they sell them to a little profit , so it 's not very inefficient .
But the people who work in the World Bank are the best of the world .
They 're experts in their heads .
It 's just that we hope we can upgrade our international plan to tackle the international problem to solve international problems .
When it met free and transparent data , the U.S. is the best one .
And it 's not just from Sweden to say about the posture of cooking .
I 'm not to go to money , not .
I 'm going to show you what 's going on on the data , and we can use these data to show what it is .
Here is the world .
And the income is here , and the children die .
What 's happening in the world ?
In the last 50 years , there 's a decline between the death rates in the last 50 years .
And this is the state of the country as well as the country .
We have a increase in income .
These are the blue countries and the industrial revolution .
And we kept going . But we also have , of course , the Congo is there , and we 've got some of the poor countries in the country .
The top 100 billion people , as we heard about what we hear about , is a new solution .
How fast does this happen ?
Okay , four - plus goals .
The U.S. government is not the equivalent of four million Indians .
But those important sponsors are really important to measure it because it 's the only child we can measure .
We often say that every year we 're going to get 40 million dollars .
Let 's see what Sweden did .
We used fast social progress .
We are , 1990 .
In 1990 , Sweden was there .
And the same child mortality as a child , 1990 , although they 're a million countries .
They were very good at doing that they were able to protect themselves .
They give kids the vaccine . They have better water .
And they lowered the children dying , and they took a million dollars a year . They overcame Sweden .
Sweden was the same 16 years .
Leibniz , Sweden was in Egypt with 1990 .
Come on . Again , the U.S. is there .
They have safer water , they give food to food . They mosquito malaria .
Researcher : They 're getting faster than the Millennium Development .
This is Sweden 's third chance to fight Brazil .
Here 's a wonderful social progression in the last 16 years , and they 're getting faster than Sweden .
That 's the world .
High - income countries , those emerging economies , they 're doing it .
They give cities to cities , and they get better help .
And it 's a sin of liberation .
They said , " It 's not fair because these countries have vaccines and antibiotics , and Sweden was not .
We have to do the same time . "
Okay , I have 21 , and I was born in this year .
Eighty - five percent of children die in Sweden .
That 's the biggest country in the world . It 's a cluttered bar .
Here we go . They spend a little bit of time .
But they started building their economies .
They start to invest in social investing . They get rid of malaria .
They had a very fancy health system that led the U.S. and Sweden .
We never thought they 'd win Sweden .
And these green countries are running over 150 projects .
And the yellow ones are going on .
The red countries do n't do anything , and their policy needs to improve .
It 's not just ambiguous .
We really need to find a way to support these countries .
We have to respect what the developing countries do .
We also need to give us an objective foundation .
This is the poor mosquito , the AIDS epidemic .
The blue is Africa .
The size of the bubble represents how many people have infected infected infections .
You can see that in the tragedy of South Africa .
About 20 percent of adult population is infected .
Even though they have a very high income , they still have massive infections .
But you can also see some African countries here .
There was no bigger HIV epidemic in Africa .
There 's a number , Africa 's five - year - olds , and the same level of Sweden .
And there are some very high - resolution countries .
And I 'm going to show you one of the best countries in Africa , which has the most active economy and a very good <unk> , and what happens .
They have a very high - level ratio . They 're down to the end .
But not so much . Because there is a lot of progress on the agenda , so it 's not going to die .
As you can see , it 's not easy . That 's the war .
Because here , in Congo , there is war .
Here , in Zambia , there is peace there .
But there is no economy . There are more countries there .
If I split Tanzania apart , Tanzania more than 20 percent of people are infected than poor people .
And each country is different .
And look at some of the genocide in Kenya , they 're very different .
That 's what you see .
It 's not a deep poverty . This is a special situation . It is about some of the countries , or in some countries in South Africa or South Asia .
Do n't say Africa . Do n't make a fuss about it .
This is the place . And it 's in every place where there 's an anti - fMRI .
I 'm going to end up with this , and here we have one billion people who are suffering from poverty .
They 're living on a cell phone or a computer , or no one 's family .
This is called " illness , " and I spent 20 years in Africa .
This is because of the Bonobo , very quickly .
This is the equivalent of 30 phrases in Montana .
This is a similar example of other nutrition .
It wo n't be infected .
We 've seen it in Houston .
This is going to be fashionable . It 's in southern Canada .
You never heard this disease .
But Emeka has killed more than that .
It causes paralysis over the world .
And in the last two years , it 's about 2,000 people who have been paralyzed by this .
Here 's the pesticide mosquito . From Lebanon , NASA knows .
It 's been disappeared . They have a bigger problem .
In a week ago , there 's four open lines of Internet Internet .
Do n't worry about the amount of money in the emerging economies and the high income countries , and in peace countries .
Here 's a billion people in a million people .
We have to have the concept of the developing world and the developing world .
We need a new attitude . The world is united . But , but it 's not that 100 percent .
They were still poor .
It 's not sustainable . It does n't mean it 's a scandal .
But you go to one of the most important powers , and it 's a very promising notion .
And there 's a very key role in this room , not the American , but the world .
So you have a very big name , and the National Guard , it 's not a country .
This is the world department .
And we 'll give you a little bit closer . Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/robert_full_on_engineering_and_evolution.html
Author Robert Fowler explains how " The Purpose " is how the effect of the effects and the dynamics of collaboration and collaboration , and how we should use it to save the human world today .
cooperation , culture , global issues , war
1693
Robert Full on values
I 've got 18 minutes to convince you that the direction of the history is direction -- as a messianic . It 's a good thing .
Now , before TED is looking at me at TED -- -- and the Muslims do n't have the coverage of the world .
Naturally flu does n't get into Europe .
Antoine do n't win the Palestinian cables , and they 're not going to take a series of defense .
And I 'd like to tell you , if I had to get invited to know that God is not opening up , I might say , " Can I say something else ? "
But I was like , well , okay , I just tried to try and try .
And I have to warn you that I 'm interested in a worldview , and it 's hard to understand , even though I 'm interested in this .
And when I said , " I can become optimistic , and I think , I 'm trying to be optimistic about this kind of thing , which is that -- -- it 's not the opposite of what 's going on here , but the most optimistic thing you can get from here today is something that you might get here .
I 'll try it .
First of all , the history of history is going to be a lot of fun .
So , for example , we look at social structure , obviously , in social structures , more complex than the last 10 years .
And in fact , the trend of this is that this trend is going to be a long time ago , and this is how evolution works .
And the origin of life , from a cell starts , and then the cell develops up and down .
And finally , they were able to cross each other , and they had more information and more complex things ; it could understand a form of community .
In one of the time , some amazing things are happening in a new way : culture evolution .
And more amazing , the trajectory of the evolution of evolution , is more complex -- more complex .
Culture is a culture of ideas .
A lot of you have heard of the word " culture " , " and I 've been very concerned about technology , and we 're looking at technology from a small little hole .
Do n't you know , until somebody said , " Why do n't we take a stick to stick it up ?
It 's a lot easier to get people who are dying .
Another example , TV game .
It looks like a lot of great things , but technology is a dynamic process , so we 've got a promotion , and we have a powerful <unk> .
Technology is evolutionary evolution , so it 's 250 years , and we have this .
There 's this .
Sorry -- this joke is cold , I just wanted to find a way of explaining , and I thought , " Wow , you can help . "
In the world of society , the Earth is convinced that the secret of hope is the secret to power .
First of all , we 're looking at how social systems look like what it looks like today .
Eventually , it was a complex and hunting village to distribute the countryside .
And then the chief social , represents the root -- the <unk> , in chief society , is a rocket of agriculture , and it 's a kind of a spirit of critics , and it 's an authority - free mosquito .
And as the invention of writing , the city emerged , and it looked a little bit like a bit of a kind of an oxymoron , but I love the whole process of evolution as a single layer of cells that I 'd like to talk about , that the organism is going to look like today .
I have to emphasize that social organization is not a political force .
In contrast , it was the 21st of the 16th century .
We looked at the same social properties that we saw in San Francisco , even though there were different countries .
But obviously , all sorts of organizations and collaboration are beyond the net .
This shows the picture of the Earth 's Earth , and I think it 's very beautiful .
It 's a kind of vegetarian .
Now , I 'm going to try to figure out what the implications of this and the effects are .
Realizing that some people may not see read data , at zero or game games : an appointment , an administrator .
It 's not a zero and game game .
It 's like being lost in the Houston room , usually reducing the zero and a zero , but in your lexicon , you have to stand up to your latitude and you 're standing on the same shelf , so you 're in the middle of your mailbox .
You 're always going up and down .
In terms of economics and video games often cause cooperation .
And what I 'd like to suggest is that the Fowler and game game always has part of our lives .
In the age of human hunter , there was no zero and game game , but as technology advances , new technology has developed , and it led to the same technology that we had zero to zero zero , which is a pathway , and it 's a pathway .
To cope with this possibility , social structure can change , to ensure that we have this kind of cross - scale , so you 're not familiar with the non - zero and debit game , and you do n't realize that uncertainty and game game is happening in the world .
For example , when you 're on a car , you think about it , how many of you in the continent have to build this car ? These are the people who are going to work and play .
They clearly have a lot of them .
In a sense , this is actually a very , very high - strength worldview , because when you 're talking about <unk> , what you see is the result , and it 's very good , but I also think it 's not so optimistic .
First of all , it does n't ignore the presence of an unequal war .
And there 's a more practical reason because the game is , because it 's going to be the result , or it can be good , or it 's bad .
It ca n't guarantee the final result .
So , what I 'm going to do about this ? The answer is , the answer , and the first one , I think , that people always have a lot of win - winning results . I believe that a lot , the net result is right .
In this case , this is a recipe for me , and it took me very impressive ideas , which is very encouraging me : I have a moral dimension , there is an ethical dimension of morality .
In 1800 , the people who know people in Greece , they think other Greece is going to be at the same time , and the way they do it is to do their ideas . And they change the ideas and they change the ideas .
Only 54 percent is one , and it should n't be very good for them .
But it 's at least a progress -- a little bit of the Greeks , and today , this progress is bigger . I think -- I hope -- most people in this room are going to be an accumulation of , you know , all the people around the world are being reinvented , if they 're doing something that 's a mess , the religious thing that is going on .
You should go to the bed , and then you can see how this is a revolution . It 's not been accepted by broad , I think , because it 's an infinite number of years ago , for millennia , thousands of years .
It 's a difference to justice , the difference between race and religion , and it 's not going to be cheaper . If you ask me , I do n't support the Japanese , if I say , because I 'm talking about a Japanese pathway my car , that 's half a joke .
There 's a gap between us , and I think that this relationship is really really prompted us to interfere with each other , because other people are really related to your interests .
And I think that this is a moral code to be a moral code .
Unfortunately , I 'm going to sit at the University of Toronto , and I do n't really understand the rest of the other opera , which is not a lot of other Brunel -- I said , " Well , you ca n't hear it too much about race , because , if you 're not talking about tomato sauce , it 's not just for the people who sit on the right side , but I think , at least , capitalism is trying to get to the edge of what 's going on and the mechanism is
When we enter into a global institution , we have to deal with morality .
That 's great .
Now , go back to the books of the book .
Well , you might wonder , it sounds good -- the history of history -- but how to explain the conflict between different civilizations ? First of all , I 'm going to emphasize that there is a lot of war in the world , and that , if we look at the Muslim world and do n't do it , this is not just what we 're looking at , but it does n't have to be a much more favorable to the Western world -- and it 's not a good thing to do with the West ,
So this is a dynamic and mechanism .
And the mechanism , because of technology , is that it 's going to be more porous and more efficient to a negative direction .
The fate of the future , they 're going to be more productive to the negative .
I call this an appointment dynamic .
The ground is a lot more likely to get more than more and more , in the U.S.
And I think this is probably possible , and I say , " Well , it 's because of the high - tech technology of technology , biological technology and nanotechnology in a much more distant way .
We used to hear new technologies in a new way .
And I 'm particularly interested in this , and this is going to be a feedback loop .
My idea is that terrorism has gone ; our response is too heavy .
We 're not so uncomfortable with terrorism , which is that it 's more unacceptable to be more compassionate , and we 're making more ethical terrorism .
And when we were overwhelmed , our reaction would be more dramatic , and this is a human nature .
You can call a positive feedback effect , which is really horrible , and we should not even use that word , even though it 's just a misunderstanding .
So let 's call the death of negative emotions .
And I would say , once this effect is happening , and then the Western world and the Muslim world is going to be <unk> .
So what do we do ? First of all , we 're going to do it just not just the amount of control , or something about the technology technology .
And I 'd like to tell you a little bit about how the whole planet is supposed to be , even though I actually think about it , it 's really necessary to do it .
And I think the new moral evolution is going to be beginning .
And I think different groups -- different races , religion , any other group of people , and they 're going to reduce the behavior , the marches act .
Well , I had to admit that I felt like I was so ashamed .
It sounds like an oxymoron , like solitary Luther King , and why would we do it together ?
But what I 'm looking at is , I do n't have other options .
The moral evolution has to happen .
And the whole thing is that the world is going to be reducing , because the world is so unpredictable .
It sounds clear , but I 'm still going to maintain myself even though a whole lot of mangoes .
It means -- -- thank you . That means , you know , I 'm talking about all the moral , all right ?
When people are connected to each other .
When your welfare resources can give me a sense of welfare , well , I 'm really drawn to your gender , and this is the power of morality . And that 's the source of the moral dynamic . So , what we 're going to do is , we 'll see a little bit of trust and all the other things that we need .
We 've talked about it again .
So the two aspects of this -- people noticed that this is going on , and they 're coming from their own interests -- and it 's going to lead to a little bit of progress .
So , this is why I 'm going to try to increase the threat of oxytocin and negative death , and the effects of a big title : it deserves .
I 've been very , very hard .
I never call myself " optimistic . "
I really work .
All right , moral evolution is really difficult , right ?
What do you do ?
And my answer was , all of us .
We 're coming from now . As an American , our children have 10 years , and 20 years of security , I 'm inspired by the beginning of the world -- and I just wanted to see why this world hated us .
Personally , I think this is a really worth of research .
And basically , it could be a little venture for a moral saving .
And because of the people who are trying to figure out what the different people are doing -- this is what you 're talking about -- and they 're doing a very strange view of what 's going on in this kind of bizarre way , which is that it really is a big achievement , and you have to put them in a moral charge .
To really understand , to say , " Oh , I know .
So when they feel guilty , I feel ashamed , and it 's exactly the same reason . "
I think you should take this idea , add it to your moral situation .
And when you hate each other , it 's very difficult to do , right , because it does n't really have any time to go to the whole thing to figure you out .
I mean , you want to know why , but you do n't want to connect to each other .
You do n't want to comment on it , right ?
You do n't want to say , " Okay , well , I realized why , why a person in that environment would hate me to hate my country , and I 'd like to do it , but I think we 've got to adapt to the rest of the country . ♫ " Well , you know , what we 're going to see is that people are not really thinking about what 's going on . And I wanted to know why people hate us . But I figured it out .
And only to figure out why they hate us , we can let them hate we do n't hate them , right , to actually complain about their humanity , and they 're going to really understand their ideas .
And this is the first one . It 's a long time to do it for a long time .
Some people had to say , you know , a couple of days ago , I was surrounded by television in the country , and it was the thing I wrote on the Gallery .
And what I wrote , I was hooked , the quote , " The emotional " for terrorism . "
The good news is , at least the people who get this ruined is the following .
And if you 're not going to get a look at it , then you get it out .
They do n't have a priority . They try to understand terrorism , causing a certain kind of sense of emotional emotion to the emotional emotions .
But I think choice is not going to understand , it 's a more wrong mistake , and it is clear that we ca n't let the guns go to terrorist terrorists .
I 'm not really really interested in this problem , so -- -- I mean , we 've got to do something more direct , and once we have successful -- and then the effects and the mechanism will continue to be diagnosed with the new level , which is that we 're going to have a promotion and a mechanism .
In a sense , saving , more and higher , can save the world .
And if you look at the word " violation , " and we 've been familiar with it as a way of compassion -- saving soul , take people to heaven -- that 's actually what 's going on .
The most primitive thing in the Bible means , saving social systems .
" Lord " is our maiden ear , " " he was saved by the Native Americans , and the Israel was a senior social organization .
Now , the whole planet is a social organization , so I suspect , if I say I can show you what the good news is , you can get the power of self - interest and save the world .
It 's hard . But we do n't have to go , because we ca n't get to it now .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/martin_rees_asks_is_this_our_final_century.html
Martin Schwartz and you talk about psychology : psychology is a discipline , and it can also be an expert between patients and doctors , but in the study of disease , modern psychology can help us ?
brain , education , happiness , psychology , science , technology
1090
Martin Schwartz on positive psychology
When I was in American psychology , some people wanted to train me how to deal with the media , and I 've been able to do this experience in CNN , where I 'm going to talk about what I 'm talking about today , that I 'm going to talk to you about the topic of optimism .
And the pilot 's editing told us about 10 reasons , and I 'm going to tell you about 11 .
The CNN guy found me , and I said , " Professor professor , you could n't talk to us about psychological development ?
We wanted to interview you . And I said , well , okay , OK .
And she said , " Well , it 's CNN , so you can just tell you a little bit about a little bit .
And I said , " What are I going to talk about ? "
She said , " A word . "
And then the camera reads , and she said , " How do you teach ? "
Okay .
Stop , stop , that 's not it .
We should make you a little bit closer .
So I 'll tell you a few words about what I 'm talking about ? I look at that .
Kevin Friedman : How does psychology work ?
" Bad . "
Listen to me , I said , Dr. Dr. Seuss , we know that you 're not responsible for this medium .
We decided to give it a time .
You can say three planks .
PH : How do you teach ?
And that 's not good enough , and this is what I want to talk about today .
I want to talk about why psychological psychology is good , and they 're not going to be good at the future .
And I also wanted to talk about technology and design , because this field of development is similar to psychology .
So why is the good good ?
Because in the last 60 years , psychology has created a disease model .
And 10 years ago , when I was flying , I asked the door to the door , and I told them that they would get a little bit closer to me .
And because they think it 's a good reason to think of psychology , the goal is to find where you have problems .
Now if I tell people about my career , they want to be very quickly .
So psychology is good for the American health industry , and in the U.S.
Now , there are 14 thousand people who are treated with these two .
The other thing is that a science of science is a scientific illness .
We found that we could measure the notion of depression , anxiety , trauma .
We can classify mental disorders .
We can begin to understand mental disorders .
We can see some of these people in a long - term store , like the individuals in the gene , and we want to know the role of being able to take care of the same kind of role , which is that we can overcome the product of this mental illness .
The best part was , in the last 50 years , we invented drugs and psychological therapy .
And we can do it through the Houston control experiment , and we 're going to take it to the very precise testing of these treatments , leaving it and leave it to a positive test .
Narrator : In the last 60 years , psychology and psychiatry really could reduce suffering .
And I felt very proud , and I felt proud .
But this brings up bad things like this .
The first one is the moral psychologist and Saddam Hussein , which is kind of an chaos - knit , morbid wonder .
We forgot that people would make choice .
We forget people are responsible , and it 's the first price .
It loses us as we lose you .
We forgot to improve regular lives .
We forgot to make a lot happier , more and more of the genius , the high - performance , highly positive .
They were n't looking at genius .
The third issue of disease is that we have to help clinical trials , and we can rearrange the people , we 're going to fix it to repair the interventions , the positive interventions .
That 's bad .
Due to that , Steve Jurvetson , Ann Fowler , Warren Buffett , Michael Pollan , who I 'm going to go to research on this area called " positive psychology . "
The first is that psychology is not just about focusing on the benefits of human beings .
It 's not just about trying to help alleviate injuries , to give people power .
It should be great for life .
To be aware of the patient 's life , to try to make a lot of life and " genius . "
We hope to positive psychology in the future for the last 10 years , as a science of science , and a scientific science to make a life better .
Researchers found that we could measure the happiness of different forms .
Every one of you can go to the site for free and to do it , all kinds of happiness .
You can look at self - deception and happiness , and you can do it with thousands and thousands of people .
We 've created the standards of our grasp and the statistical deviants , and our advantage to the advantage of the human being , which is the way they define and diagnostic , they 're facing , the obstacles that they face .
We found that we could find the dynamics of positive , and the relationship between the brain activity , the same connection between the brain activity and the brain activity .
And I 've been trying to help people have a very painful person , and what 's the difference between people who are going to know ?
It was about six years ago .
What 's the difference between people and other people ?
There 's only one difference .
They 're not going to be more religious , and they 're just as good as other people , but they do n't look a lot better than others , they are not really good at their lives .
Their only difference is very good .
They did n't like to go on the Saturday mornings .
They were very rarely at the top .
Each one of them has a lot of friends at romance .
But for careful , this data is just a connection to each other , and it 's not the pleasure of Hollywood and their happiness happiness .
It 's not enough to tell you , it 's not enough .
It 's a century - based guy on the last century .
From all directions , it has been proposed by about 25 percent of the interventions to make people happier .
We 've been able to do this in order to operate , and we can do a random number of times the continuity of interventions .
And that means , what does this mean to make people happy ?
And I 'll tell you a little bit about how this works .
You know , the people who are treated with the treatment are less averse to suffering , and they should be happier .
And I do n't use the word " happiness , " but ask this question , we have to put it for happiness .
I think there are three different kinds of happiness , which is because they 're different from different interventions , and they can have a different and not other .
The first one is the life of happiness .
In this life , your performance of positive emotions can not be more likely to get more than more and more .
The second is participation , and you work hard , you 're trying to work , with your kids , to your baby , to stop your life .
Aristotle talked about this life .
The third is something that 's meaningful .
I want to talk briefly about three lives and our studies .
The first is a life - life life , where you have happiness , you get happier , and you do n't have to get more and more of it ; you ca n't learn the skills of happiness and your space and the space .
But happiness has three ways of monitoring this , which is the place of positive psychology in happiness .
The first one that allows you to see is that 50 percent of the characteristics are not easy to change this emotional response .
So Matthew and I have some other ways that people are using more than 15 and 20 percent , and there are 15 to 20 thousand people in the genetics .
The second one can be used very quickly to adapt to the <unk> .
It 's like a Rover Rover , and it 's 100 percent of the damage , but there 's no smell , it 's no smell .
Third , as I said , it 's hard to change .
So let 's talk about the second game .
I 'm going to talk to you about my friends , and I 'll tell you a little bit about positive psychology , not just to create the joy of happiness .
In the early age of 30 , the two are a big number of ones in the life of life , which is work .
It 's not about 20 years old , and he 's a trade - old .
It could n't be 25 years old , and he was a manager - based management company .
The second one : he 's the national calendar of the country .
But in the third sector , love , the mosquito is completely paralyzed .
And it 's because he 's very good for people .
A couple of those people who have been relieved .
When he was 11 years old , they said , " You do n't have a promotion , you do n't have schedules . "
Fortunately enough money to ask the best permits to get five to five years of frustration , trying to figure out the clutter of the mailbox and closed the gangplank .
But they ca n't find it .
In fact , the New York City Organization grew up playing football , looking at the football game , and checking the gangplank 's worst of emotional emotions .
The question is : Do n't happiness ? I do n't think he 's happy .
And the 50 billion people have about 50 million people involved in human emotions , and I think the happiest people I know .
And he did n't really have a very happy amount of happiness because of most of you , it 's very good .
When he was in September nine : 30 to 30 years later , until he looked down to the U.S.
When he starts leaning back , it looked like knife , until 10 days later .
And this is what Michael Pollan says , " The joy of happiness is very different .
When you 're happy , you can feel happy .
But Michael said , " You know , what 's going on in the dictionary ? "
You get the music and you stop it .
You 're very focused on focused .
We think it 's a role - based trait .
We also think that there is a great advantage to this life that you have to do .
Well , this is a test test , and it 's your biggest five factor .
And then it 's going to try to form a lot of these advantage to your life .
Your job , your love and your partner , with your kids and the kids .
One example : I 've studied a pioneer in the grocery store .
She does n't like it .
She was also reading college .
Her biggest advantage was to get a good job , so she was hard to try and see her day being good .
She was clearly paralyzed .
But she took her to work and try and do her best .
You have not smile .
You do n't look like Humpty Laden .
You do n't cry for a lot of time , and you get more of it .
So this is the two path , the first path is the groom .
The second side is " Happiness " .
The path is meant to be meaning .
And this is the most important part of happiness .
And as the two pointed path , what it says is that you have to know where your biggest advantage is , and use them to find a prestige problem than self - discipline .
And I talked about three lives , happy life , which is meaningful and meaningful , and people want to know that really things can change our lives ?
And the answer is yes , and a couple of examples .
We do it very well .
It 's like our test works .
We 've taken a couple of times , and some of us are taking a long time to do all these interventions .
Think of what 's going on , and what we 're going to do is introduce to what is happy to be a happy life , what you find in a life of happiness and your task is to take your mission to design a wonderful day and to design it .
Take the next day sideways , and show you a wonderful day , a good day and a careful day .
We can confirm that it 's so happy .
Another intervention is gratitude , and if you 're willing to , please move forward .
Shake your eyes .
And I want you to remember a very important thing , and one of the things that you 've been doing is changing your lifetime and you never have to thank everybody .
You have to be one of those people .
Now , okay , Houston .
And I want you to find one guy .
You 've been doing this for a while when you go to this mission and give them a $ 300 letter to tell them that you 're going to go and sit and say , " Why do n't you tell you why , you 've got to get a long time to hear it -- and everybody 's getting married .
A week later , three months later we tested the test , and we found these people getting happier and less depressed .
Another example of this is the personalized date , and we 're looking for the tooling and let them get them to find their biggest advantage and then we design them with a very good night , we find that this can be used for their own relationships .
Al Gore is a method of philanthropy .
And this approach to you is that many of you do n't have a lot of philanthropy .
However , I 'm not going to do it in graduate students , and I do n't know what 's going on at the top , so I asked them to try and do something more interesting .
You 'll notice that when you do interesting things , happiness is very granular .
And when you help people help other people , happiness is a long time .
These are positive interventions .
And the second thing I 'd like to say is that the third thing that we 're very excited about is that people are really happy .
This is what we 're looking for looking for .
Are we using this problem as three different lives , and how are you happy ?
We studied thousands of people in 15 root apex and we wanted to know , for happiness , happiness and happiness to the participation of the present , and in the case of forgotten , what is the impact of our life for life ?
Turns out .
It turns out that it 's very , very useful to happiness .
The biggest impact on it .
It 's a lot of work for participation .
And if you 've been involved in engagement and meaningful things , happiness can be folded .
It means that if all sorts of people have , it 's full of life .
Instead , if you do n't have any life , it 's more than the sum of those parts .
What are we going to ask now about health , health care , productivity , or whether does it exist ?
Will it work in a company where the company is productive , and the Mommy - and - purpose thing ?
Is health care , happiness and meaning ?
We have the reason to believe that all the answers may be .
Chris said , the last talk has a chance to get him to hear a little bit about what he said to me , and I never met the party .
I 've never seen it this way , and this is very , very practical .
But I found that the problem of psychology is like technology , Entertainment and entertainment .
For example , we all know that technology and entertainment and design can be used as chaos , and they do this .
We know that technology and entertainment and design are used to reduce pain .
By the way , reduce pain and creating happiness , the difference is very important .
30 years ago , I woke up , and I wondered if I had the ability to reduce depressed anxiety deficit , reduce anger , that I got happier .
And the truth is not , it 's the best one .
But they were in their hearts .
In fact , the skill of happiness and happiness is the skills of self - interest and the ability to get meaningful skills and reduced compromise .
I believe that the same thing is in technology and entertainment and design .
It means that three forces can be used to increase people 's happiness and their ability to use them .
But if you 're interrupted , you 'll find happiness that happiness is not just the only time -- that 's not enough -- it 's a lot of life .
And as Emeka told us , the entertainment , entertainment and technology , could also be used to boost the meaning of life .
So , for example , in the concept of " 2001 , " at least the most optimistic reason for 11 reasons , is that we can use technology and entertainment and design this planet .
If technology is in the last decade or 20 years , the lives of life , and it 's meaningful and meaningful .
If entertainment is also increasing , it 's good enough , and enough enough to be good .
And if design is going to be a lot of happiness , it 's so good that we do it all together , and that 's okay , thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/scott_kim_takes_apart_the_art_of_puzzles.html
In this particular talk , journalists had to re - examine the problems of African problems " Africa " Mania , civil war , wars and despair , and all kinds of opportunities to look at this continent .
Africa , business , development , global issues , investment , philanthropy , politics , technology
<unk>
There 's another way of looking at Africa .
I 'm very , very happy to be able to relate to this , so that these surfaces are flashing on my trunk .
And I 'm very happy , and I was very smart , smart , creative people .
Before I heard about three people , guess what happens ?
And every one of these things I 'd like to say is that I did n't look like anything I could say .
But in my lexicon , I have a clue that if you spend one sentence on the ground , it does n't go out of the tree .
So , since I 've been no longer trying to say a little bit about me .
We 're a very tight redesign of this conference because the other conference is 2011 .
This is the 27th grade .
PH : It 's a way to do it for Africa , and it 's going to be the equivalent of Africa .
Unfortunately , I do n't believe it 's a plan .
First of all , it 's been aroused .
And the biggest thing about it is that the German and France is only about two percent of their GDP .
In average Africa , in the average African aid of foreign aid , 15 percent of GDP , so that this is a unprecedented fund , and it 's a massive fund from a wealthy country to poverty .
But what I 'd like to say is , there are two things that we need to talk about .
This is how the West government writes Africa and the aid of aid .
By playing despair and refuse images , the media medium is shown in Africa . Really real .
And yet , media does n't tell us all .
Because despair , civil war , famine , starvation , although we 're part of our Africa , it 's not all that .
And they 're just part of it .
There 's 38 countries in Africa .
It 's only six countries that have a civil government , and it says , " The media is just one of these six countries . "
There 's a huge opportunity in Africa that never talked about all the time , and the West of despair , the Western media , has a lot to offer their audience .
But the purpose of the story is just compassion .
Ask compassion , pray for the aid of aid .
And the upshot of this is that the history of Native Africa is established by " Africa . "
The idea of this idea is to be a consequence of the struggle of despair .
What do we do ? We should pay for people who are hungry .
We should send people to medicine .
We should be able to do it to save people who are struggling with civil war .
In this process , Africa has lost their own pond .
And I 'd like to say that the important thing is that Africa really is really tough .
But also , there are lots of Legos .
We need to rethink the game that Africa is faced with , and it 's a leap from despair , which is called reducing the poverty and the hope of hope .
We redefined it to a hopeful test , and it 's worth it .
And all of care about Africa is not a reduction in the testing of a loss of poverty .
It should be a social test .
Once we interfere with these two concepts , if you say , " Africa , what 's going on ? "
Narrator : For the poor people to get the drugs , the people who get to the food supply offer to subsidize a civil defense .
And all of this has n't changed the problem because of those basic problems in Africa .
You send them to school , you give them drugs , they ca n't make them .
The low - cost income is the importance of efficacy , and stability comes from a trade - effective opportunity or a stable job .
Now , we 're starting to talk about how to make Africa 's next challenge , which is to be a society for society .
It 's an entrepreneur , and the reality tells us that they 're not just the world population , but 16 percent is not really the real entrepreneur .
But they also have the same job .
So , should we put money on where we are ?
We need to put money in wealth .
Support support in Africa , for private investment , or Canada .
Support in support , because knowledge is the part of the knowledge .
But what 's the International aid organization ?
They took the bulk of their money to spend on the basis of the primary medical community and the food aid .
The whole continent has become a battleground of despair and a struggle for philanthropy .
Ladies and gentlemen , you can tell me that your neighbors and your friends and the advertisers are selected by the tooling .
By holding the face of face to someone else 's begging .
Ladies and gentlemen , you hear this kind of stuff .
How many of you have heard about a country that is a good and generous and personalized ?
Okay , so since I do n't see somebody 's hands , that 's what I said .
PH : For the sake of the World Trade Center : I hear a little bit of a country that he knows there .
Which country ?
PH : So this is a thank you so much , but let me tell you a little bit about it .
They just give you a chance .
Can you grab this opportunity and make it a advantage to your personal ability .
Africa had a lot of opportunities .
And it turns out that most of us do n't benefit .
Why ? Because we do n't have the bureaucratic framework and policy framework to help us with our relationships from our connection . I can give you an example .
And according to the High Line , it was a great opportunity for Africa to have a good opportunity to take care of the U.S. government and the Cultural Revolution .
My grandparents , Uganda , got a chance to shave to the Cultural Revolution .
None of our nachos , no contracts .
We get five million dollars from Brazil and northern Cameroon .
Second , in this case , this is a country that 's been built in Africa with beef , and the countries that have a lot of resistance to the end of the Cold War .
There 's no country in Africa , the most successful countries of Africa .
So what I 'd like to say is that Africa does n't really have the ability to work and other countries , because it 's not good enough to do it , because it does n't work very well ; it does n't have a good time and a strategy .
It needs to be able to support sustainable institutions and to improve economic efficiency .
What should we do ? Why is it not a good thing ?
Do you know why aid is not a good thing ?
Because all governments need money to maintain .
Think of legal justice and prestige .
Building military and police to maintain law and order , and it needs money .
And because of the most expensive government , what they really need is actually what they really need to do .
And then the political activities need money .
Why should people support their government ?
And that 's because governments can give them a good job in Africa , in a lot of African countries .
And the fact is that there is no government in the world , except in a very small minority , like a group of people who are going to be applied to force .
A lot of countries in the world need to make their own resilience .
In this case , governments were willing to provide industry - based health , roads , building hospitals and clinics .
A government of government depends on whether it can get more money from the people to get a lot of money , and that 's what 's going on in a much more elaborate way .
It meets the people who sit down .
And what they 're talking about about this kind of policy that they talk about , which is they continue to develop business , and it 's going to get a lot of money from them .
The problem in Africa 's problem is that it 's mediated by self - motivated systems , and countries are faced with this problem .
We 're not talking about the main source of government , not from the economy , but from international aid .
Instead of and Uganda -- instead of talking to Uganda about the entrepreneurs of Uganda and Ghana -- South African leaders , South Africa and the World Bank of the world , the digital government of our World Trade Organization .
I 'd like to say , even if you have 10 <unk> , you do n't know more than Bill Gates .
Why ? Because you need to be able to get into the business of the knowledge industry that needs you to listen to .
What 's the government of the African government , and from the International Astronomical Union , who has a chance to do a good job in order to be able to go to their own country , so that it can start to get to the <unk> 's position and the World Bank to tell the people what they need ?
In this process , African people were completely neglected from the strategy of the state of our country , and the policy of policy that has been damaged to policy .
We have to limit , because the balconies have spent money .
The West Coast , the World Bank and the Internet , has slaughtered us as citizens , because the government is relying on the power of aid , so what they 're doing is to play the international <unk> , not their GDP .
But I want to offer you a little bit of funding and not all .
Some aid to build a hospital , aid hunger .
Building the road , and the path may be good .
The international support of international aid is to look at those who are exposed to the destruction of the breed , and it 's going to take thousands and thousands of money to go around the world to avoid every village in the auditorium , which is a different skill , the ability to do it , to make sure that the lesson of that is that it has to be the most important , you know , this is what we can do with this experience of being able to work with a lot of time .
aid increases the resources of government to work in government work , especially in the government of being looking at a job of job .
Because the political attraction of the country is particularly part of a race of African support that is , in fact , an anti - genocide support society , and every race is going to be the equivalent of race .
Ladies and gentlemen , the best people in Africa ca n't find the private business of private and work , because they 're all anti - developers .
The government does n't change that , and this is why ?
Because they do n't need to go and talk to them .
They just talk to the International Committee .
So there 's a lot of Africans who eventually end up working for government , and it 's been added to the political pressures , because we depend on protecting aid .
And I 'd like to say that in the last 50 years , in Africa , more aid from international aid , which is very important to us , and the aid aid and his aid , the aid of aid and him .
In 2003 , Africa took 6 million aid aid , and we were told that the African remains still .
Where does this aid ?
And I wanted to use my own country -- Uganda , to a example of how aid works .
In 2006 , in 2007 , the cost of productivity is about 250 trillion dollars .
To expect aliens aid the U.S. Ocean .
Uganda in Uganda spending , in general , for everyday people .
Just relieving it , you need to be able to get to 900 trillion dollars .
Why Uganda was spent in the U.S. budget to spend their own income .
Because there is international aid to help .
But what you 're seeing here is Uganda is not going to be able to take advantage of their own income , but to use that money to spend on this money as a public institution .
In bed , it 's a two - trillion - billion - trillion - billion - fold .
military , billions of dollars .
Narrator : It 's a very poor country running about 180 million .
Trade and industry took billions of dollars .
And I 'm going to tell you what the public costs is in Uganda , and some of the public sector is the public side of public seating .
Let 's see , 70 percent , the president of the Japanese Brigades , who said , " Look at the TV on television , who did n't see president .
And when you really saw him , it would be in the field , even though they were advised .
Our local government has modems .
Every single organization of government organizations is a system that is equivalent to the same management system , one of these jobs , a fee - funded government .
It was 56 stars , and when our president wanted to change the constitution , he got 25 million dollars and he added 25 cents a second , right now .
Yves Hill .
You need a look at what 's called the Library of Red Cross .
And the big government committee and the half - legged community , all of these institutions , is all about the driver and cars , and finally let us turn to Mr. Gore , who may be able to help us .
Narrator : A recent study of federal government showed that there was 3,000 cars in the Northwest government .
In Uganda , there is a silver ball , and every single Rover has a missile .
The researchers in the headquarters for the researchers , and Reagan and Lockheed , the international Corporation of aid , aid and the poor , because no mosquito and medicine died .
And finally , I 'd like to say that I 'm here to talk about the rules of the speech , which is , a great talk should be a good talk .
It has to be completely inspired to the interests of your interests , and that it should be used to be used to the place .
I hope I did it .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/steven_strogatz_on_sync.html
In the National Theatre , David Fowler , who believes that photography has a power , a force that allows us to connect us with the world that we live in , through a series of special films , and he tells us how to use it .
animals , culture , design , entertainment , global issues , photography , storytelling
<unk>
David Hoffman : The Web links
Let 's start with some great footage of video .
This is one of the founding masterpieces of anonymous girls named Steven Johnson in the National Theatre .
You know , " Harvard Review " for a magazine called " The National Theatre . "
Maybe you might be missed .
This one landed on a picture in San Francisco named Bruce Roizen .
He throws the camera up into the airplane vertical .
This is a picture of a poetry that was written by Rachel Carson , who introduced Starbucks to an essay .
Christopher Rick Warren on the Congo department
I love this picture that it reminded me about the famous title of the Red Brigades . "
Paul Ewald draws the polar bears
And the polar bear is not good for swimming , and they 're like , you know , it 's more like walking around the street , but you all know where to do it .
These are the Rovers in the Rift Valley , Chris Jones .
And the photo came out of the window , and the scene is actually the veterinarian .
Here 's a picture of a Texas named Carrie Albert , who was a good man named Heidi .
This is a shot of a geomantic preview of fogging .
This is David Carter 's photographs of a picture in Spain .
David said something really happens in the dictionary .
But at least there is a comparison .
Australia lions on their own dance Spectrum Auditions , Jean - proof .
This is Dr. Engelbart , and Dr. John Johnson .
And the last one , without the movie of television , was taken by the EPA .
But although the World Health Organization has brought everything apart , but the camera is still going to keep the power of our soul , it represents a way of doing it .
Let 's tell you a story .
Four years ago , I went together with my kids to go across the Rift Valley , and he was just beginning to learn the ballast River and not very large .
But the moment I approached the scene was that the two Rovers took him to the ocean and he was desperate to struggle with shore .
And I 'm still going to be able to memorize the scene that 's in front of it , and it 's just like the motion of the bridge , as it is , and it looks like the motion of the side , right ?
I remember that there was a silver lining .
And there was a conversation about it .
And he took me out of the front side of my hand , and he had a lot of fear to me , " Papa , help me . "
And finally , I was able to leave him with him .
We went back to transport , albeit anything he did .
But we were scared .
And it 's kind of like a picture of what 's going on in my mind , and it is not just documenting it , but it contains all my emotional emotions .
And this is exactly how photography works , and it 's an emotional connection between the audience .
And I told you what I 'm going to tell you about last week , I decided to give you this story .
He said , " Oh , I remember that .
And I remember looking at where you 're standing in charge .
And I thought that would be a hero .
Anybody knew about -- to go back to the height of a very big career , there was only one exception .
This picture was written by Dr. Francis Harlan , who was taken in New Zealand called " The National Theatre . "
Last year we had a new leader , " The readers work " -- you can highlight your own movie .
And this led to a tremendous success of success .
You know , the Fowler note has always been a good job to get a bad job .
And every time I see this work , it 's a lot more nuanced , and we 've been able to take a good picture of this .
But , as a good example , a picture is not enough enough .
In addition to choice , you can get better work .
As a professional photographer , what makes their photographs live .
Very good photographer must know how to use imagery .
And I 'll show you a couple of examples of the narrative of the video .
The Ba - ila went to a very small , small - knit space that was not big enough to protect the urban city .
The first motivator , though , is just to walk and shoot a little bit of gold .
And Nick Warren was doing this .
This is a cynical cat , and it 's a one - up one .
And you can actually think of it as a kind of an impostor and said , " This is a loser . "
And the camera is going to be a little bit like the signal , and it turns out that when the signals came out of the camera , it took the next picture , and then he took this picture out of the picture and put it on the side of a photograph , right ?
Here 's a couple of atavisms .
Nick Gogh took photographs of thousands of photos .
And most of them are <unk> .
A windshield coating noticed that it had been a long time .
A Euro waxed back into its own destiny .
I love this very , very close - up of all this .
But the elephant is the most important species in the National Theatre Park .
This is also one of the most complete elephants of elephants .
So , this is a group of elephants , and the emergence of a group of ads made a little easier .
elephant - proof has changed the whole story .
Nick Lepper and researcher Michael Pollan started focused on these elephant dynamics .
They call her what she 's doing with radio markers .
In the park of the parks , there 's a lot of these elephant - blowing life that 's safe to the protected sector .
But when it comes to temporary elephant , they start in the protected mines .
And the tragedy comes from that .
And there are a lot of these factors that are going to be trying to find the opportunity to get their chance to kill them .
And after a couple of weeks , the amount of radio waves that went out and went in and returned the radio waves on the outskirts of reserves .
Jaclyn was dying and she was killed in 20 members of her community .
And it 's just impossible to do it just for their feet .
This is a picture of a picture .
They 're not going to go back to a gallery , and they just get them to do it , just to go back all the way back , and after all , these are very valuable to all of these beetles to go back to the back of the semester , all the way .
But what geckos do is that the story of a new story is not that we are the best of the world . "
It 's a story that makes us excited .
It 's not just a story about a celebrity story , but a way of understanding , a experience about elephant , and a lot of other people .
Now we move to India .
And sometimes we can talk about a big subject .
This is what we see here , Richard Li , which is the case of " The Human Genome Project . "
The first cities in the history of human history were more than a rural population .
And most of you are not living in urban beds , but they live in cities .
Christopher Rick Warren was a photographer who found me , and he said , " We should track this .
Let 's take a look at every corner of the world . "
I told him , " You know , it needs money to do it .
And the final thing we decided to do is to try to get a little bit of a piece of paper in the same way , and it 's not just going to put it down to Mumbai , which is the equivalent of one of the harshest winters at the bottom of Mumbai .
And the end result is that it 's not just the rest of the workforce .
And he saw a scandal of a living city , and it was very important .
And through this kind of thing that 's taken out of this sort of community , the soul of the community has taken over the course of the community , but they 're also bouncing out of the human spirit to be on the right side of a human race ?
He did it .
But sometimes , the only way to tell stories about the story .
So for example , we 've been Brian Brian Johnson and films to do something about fisheries fisheries .
We 're not talking about the only medium of this subject , but Brian Eno 's work , which is the best influence of efficacy and nature .
This is a picture of Brian Eno , and a shark near the L.A. network .
And so , I 've seen a lot of this footage that 's been underground in a particular one , and it 's always the same creature .
But Brian Warren took a particular view of all the time , and he took this picture to the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean .
And instead of taking this picture , Brian Berners - Prince is more than the top of the sea Ocean , where no one 's ever taken it .
Let 's go back to the Grand Canyon , and look at the picture of General Engelbart 's photographs of Africa , a log stock market , where they 're going to sell the people that they sell to fish , which is that it 's all introduced to Europe , it 's all about to get to the East River , right ?
This is a jelly of jellyfish in China .
As a matter of the main fish decrease , the fishermen are getting more and less and more to looking at the ocean to find more than looking for more food sources .
The more fish of the ocean is a little bit smaller .
But the reality is not completely sterile every time we do this , and we 're not going to have a problem with it .
We also are looking for hope .
This is a picture from Brian University in New Zealand , in Canada , and that 's what they 've been working on for a dozen species of species , which is probably one of the billions of dollars of seasons that might be sustainable .
And the camera is going to be a little bit of a thing to do with us .
Last year in TED Buffett 's epic TED Prize Conference , the U.S. Air Force took a group of photographs of Narok , starving .
And the system was like a plumbing , and it came back to the home and went back into the house .
And a little bit of a piece of wood came from the battlefield .
This is a picture of health care that is going to hurt the eggs to the U.S. Hospital .
This is a picture of a hospital hospital .
This is a picture on the right side of the picture , and the name of the daughter 's daughter .
The Japanese government was taken down to the end of the car hospital , and their family was going to meet them and meet them .
And then they go back to the gym , and they get more and more and more reliable .
And finally , they took a lot of technology out of a hospital and trying to figure out the balance of their life .
It 's a little bit of a medical science , a scientific scientific story , and it 's full of human readers .
These stories can tell the story how to tell some of the most impressive ideas .
But sometimes the Russians find it just a little bit .
Paul Pollan on one of the finalists for South Carolina and to Antarctica .
Not a few months ago , some of the themes taken out of this theme is that people think of it as the most dangerous animal in the ocean .
In fact , one year ago , a recent study was slaughtered by the ocean and killed them .
So you can imagine Paul 's under the water .
For the first time , the most important thing is to eat the penguins every day .
You all know " Romeo " .
And if you want the wind shield to track , it might be " Rain . "
In this picture , one penguin was flying safe to shore .
And then you put it on the surface .
And then Paul goes on .
He said he was really afraid .
And this is a picture of what he came up with .
This is about 40,000 years long , and it 's in the picture at the top of the picture .
And so she was a high - height number .
And Paul felt that it would n't be afraid of fear , because it was because of his curiosity .
Here 's the picture on the right , which is open up to him , and he sings , " Do you see me beautiful ? "
And the bed is saying , " Well , Steve , it 's better . "
Paul thinks it might be a little bit of a mosquito .
And there 's this kind of black dot in water that does n't know why it 's not really a interest for penguin .
So she picked up the penguins for him to put it on his front front .
But as long as she was a girl , they were immediately immediately .
And she looked at him , and she said , " That 's not the case . "
And then turn him to find a few penguins and look at these penguins .
She did it for a few days , and she was so disappointed that she took the penguin directly to his mouth .
Paul Mary on this funny picture
Paul felt like she was thinking that this was going to be used to starve to starve to starve to starve to starve .
And then she went out and looked at this picture , and she had no idea what she would do .
To him eventually lost the courage to go home and do what to do .
Paul was a kind of a secret to a creature that was not familiar with the man , but the last one was just a very good story .
This is a series of stories that go beyond the power of the camera to actually show us the power of photography .
And I believe photography could be a positive force to make people connected to the world and make everyone look at the challenges of our world , and to see the hope of what we have .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/steven_strogatz_on_sync.html
The computer graphics of the computer is a mash - up for us to tell us that the number of puzzles that are very focused on the side of our grasp , and the faces of a gecko 's face .
art , computers , design , film , technology , visualizations
<unk>
Paul Goldstein : The gecko 's face covers feedback
And one of the big challenges of computer graphics is how to make an actual face .
Not as much as the dinosaurs and dinosaurs , and the reason why it 's so hard is that we see the facial faces every day .
The facial faces are very important for us because we use each other to communicate .
And it turns out that we 'll notice that these are very trivial things that can be updated directly to the computer , which is probably not the right thing to believe .
And in the next five minutes , I 'm going to collect you with a process that 's created by the computer of a computer , using a whole series of computer models that we developed , and with some of the partners from the Ministry of Michigan Corporation .
We 're going to try to make a sense of what 's called the Personal Genome Atlas , and she 's there .
And that 's actually an entirely complete picture of a computer - shaped gecko .
In the end of the speech , we 'll see the stars .
And the way we tried to go through that was that she was very elegant , she went into our lab and she sat down in the Bay Area , and he was sitting at the bottom of the night at five .
This is a face - up airplane , and there are a couple of white LEDs that are going to be on the top , with a series of snapshots that we do with her .
We used this to look like this .
We photographed all these pictures in San Francisco .
The main information that we extract from the images of the imagery through imagery , and the data that she has to do with light , through the surface of lighting , in the early stages of light .
And if we look at this picture of zooming in , we can see the details of her face , because her facial faces are totally smooth from every point of view , which is a very high - performance feedback loop .
And yet , we actually use it on all of these lights , like the root of the human race , which can be able to put light on the vertical axis , and so we do n't collect the skin of the skin , so we do n't have a lot of traffic absorbent .
Now , if we kind of adjust a little bit of this , we can get the sensitivity of the skin , and then you 'll see her face might look curved and sail .
If you take a little bit of a negative , you get a hint of what 's going on , and you 're going to get the bright light on the surface of the water and the skin .
And I think none of the images have taken this shot before we do this .
So , collect light is very important , because light lights the top layer of skin inside the skin .
It 's not going to go on the top of the street , it 's going to fall off .
And it turns out it 's a very good comment to get the skin out of skin , and we all have the whole skin detail and all the things that make it look close to humans .
If , if , we use information from high - speed information , and we can get the nectar elements and the basic shape of the conventional user scan , but you can input large amounts of information and texture .
What 's more important is because it 's based on the process of a picture of three seconds , and we 've just taken a couple of seconds to take a look at the afternoon and draw different faces and faces .
Here , you can see that she opens the eyes .
And this , actually , is actually being used to create digital puzzles .
So if you look at these things that we 've been able to scan a scan of the human face , you see what we 're doing in a different face .
And you 'll see , not just the facial form of the faces and the skin of all kinds of skin .
You can see the structure of the skin , and there 's a huge change from the wind , from a common skin and a normal skin .
You can see that there 's a very small change there .
You can see the contract that the muscle contracts .
She 's going to extend the muscles , she 's sexual .
For those high - speed stars , because these are all using camera cameras , we have enough faces .
By using color and light , the colors of color , and the color layer , we can tag through the way the skin uses the cable skin .
So , unlike a lot of the time , she looked like a human life .
So this is a number of different virtual characters that we use to make a company called the Personal Corporation .
Here , we look at the geometric model .
But they 've been created by the basic data , and you can go through these different layers and it 's actually the way that the data is going on .
And then , for this basic model , they also use all the details to create some of the headrest and the same way for it .
Here 's some cards here .
And you can see the different layer on the board .
So , the next step is to take the animation .
We actually use her show as a model of power .
With computer visual technology to analyze these videos , they can drive feedback through the computer of computers .
So , we 're going to see , through this process , this is a completely sealed number .
We can make a big sound if you can .
Narrator : Oprah is a model of an effective business company
We 're involved with a high - performance user - based response to video games and film .
Leibniz is a company that is an effective business company .
We 're involved with a high - performance user - based response to video games and film .
Paul Goldstein : And if we threw it down to all the scales , it 's the first part of the day , and we see in the first slide .
This is a hallmark of components .
You can see the diversity of the skin .
This is the original puzzle .
That was her .
Now , what do we do ?
We 've got more than five devices in the field of sunlight , and this is the surface of the hull , we expect to apply this technology to human body .
This is Bruce Bruce , and we 've developed one of these teams , very happy to collect data on the hull of the lighting table .
So let 's take a look at the TED image of the computer , in a new environment .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sheena_iyengar_on_the_art_of_choosing.html
Josh Bezos shares a job of what he was working on in the Congo system -- and his hero , and he had the best to let it go through , the miners and the enlarged civil war .
Africa , activism , animals , biodiversity , biosphere , war
<unk>
The heroes were a hero of a Congo forest .
I would n't say English English .
Originally I was in a year ago , English , learning English .
I grew up with French French , so my English was English .
And I was born in Congo , in the West Coast , who was a very good place to get in the University of Utah .
And I came up with this , and I went into the forest floor .
But I 've been working on -- I 'm about 14 years old , and I am in the nursing parents .
My father was a soldier , and my uncle was an impostor .
And what I did in 14 to 17 dollars was to help them collect the pots and the meat , and they sold them in the forest , dengue fever to get it to the Big Bang .
But finally , I 'm involved with their actions .
In about 17 to 20 years , I became a <unk> .
What I 'm doing is I believe that my school is going to get better .
I 'd like to go to college , but my father was a little more told .
So I did it .
Three to four years , I went to college .
I created three times , and I wanted to be a doctor .
I did n't succeed .
I got a staff , and I took my hand rating .
And I said , " Well , I 'm not going to die . "
My father 's poor , I have no good health services .
I wanted to be a doctor to serve them .
Three times , which means three years , I grew up slowly .
I said , " Oh , I 'm going to keep going .
So the marine ecology of ecology and carbon design .
When I graduated from college , I went to San Francisco called Manhattan .
And that 's what I 've been working on for a good job of work , and it 's been a passion for all the time in front of you .
And the Russians , at the time , were building a forest in the forest , and there were some animals and plants .
A trained center had a team of Congo , and some Americans in the U.S.
So the number of animals in the Middle East -- I think the largest amount of money we 're going to be in a Congo now is protected .
There 's a chimpanzee here .
It 's called the Digital Genome Atlas Organization , which is coming back to the beautiful species .
It was a forest ninja .
I want you to understand it all .
This is the Orange Mountains , but in evolution , they 're only living in Congo .
There are some fractal animals .
There are 13 percent of what we find in Africa .
And the other thing that 's happening is that the deforestation , the forest itself , knew about 56 plants .
I joined cows in 1995 , but in 1991 , when I was a student at the same time , I started working on them .
I was appointed in my college career , because I got involved .
But I do n't like the same school .
I think of training centers and research centers .
You know , it 's a very , very difficult time to do it at the airport . It 's really hard to know .
Our work can not be done .
When the OPEC Guard was started , the soldier in the Congo march up and started growing and the queen .
So they started picking up the celebrities .
And the animal Bonobo is there , and there 's a place where there is a path to the ground , where it 's like this .
So they might get out of the animal kingdom .
The Congo , in the most richest , rich world , is one of the richest causes of animals .
They were able to evacuate the animal kingdom .
They had all sorts of stuff .
tortured , war -- oh , my God , you do n't believe .
It 's all about looking at things , and we do n't know .
Specifically , especially for our first young young people , we 've felt a little bit of this .
And even the people who were going to be in the middle of the year , they had no way to believe what was happening in our independence .
They slaughtered them in their hands because they have power .
Who did that ?
Children , they 're young .
You ca n't tell their age because they 're in their hands .
But I came from the West Coast to work in Northern Ireland .
I did n't even say hello to Spanish .
They killed all everything .
You ca n't get a copy of the trick , because it 's a language that 's used in the wind , and all the rest of it is the soldiers .
And I came from the same places .
All of my friends said , we 're not going to leave , because we 've become goals .
I would n't go to East Virginia because I did n't say Spanish .
I 'm going to leave . If I get out of it .
I could n't go back to my waves -- 1,000 miles away .
I brought everything out of them .
We 've been working on the study of research , and we have a little boat sample , which has 4,500 shells on top of this .
We do it , we cut them , and we put them on the board , and we put it on a rectangle .
Well , this is how we can use them to be in the agricultural , in weather -- and in science and the changes of the forest , the development of the forest .
Here 's some people around the world , and there 's even a couple meters .
This is a smart mosquito , a very clever guy .
I work with him about 10 years .
They work with the soldiers , and they work in the jungle .
Because he was a little kid , and he knew how to track elephants in the forest .
He 's been gunned down , and the people threw him in the forest .
They came to me and said , " I 'm going to get them wrong . "
And what I did was I gave them some antibiotics , and we used to treat murder .
Luckily , it killed his life .
That was the war .
And all of these people are constantly getting resources , cut the trees and so forth .
But what 's important is that I want to take a cell cell .
And that piece has been made a lot of people who were going to die , because it was <unk> , and they were called the mud , which is what they 're called to build a cell phone -- and that area would be a very important reason to find a war .
In the first war , we lost all everything , and what I did was I saved some things , including my life , my lives and colleagues .
I was in some of our new cars , to protect them .
Some of these devices are taken on the top of the boat , and they 're saving it .
He 's not in the plant plants , but it 's going to depend on our device .
And with those remaining ingredients , because they want to fill it out , they do n't really understand it ; they 're not going to get rid of it .
And that 's what I 'm going to do , and Uganda has helped me get 40 specimens with the bike and the waiter .
It was our success .
I took that $ 40 samples in the University of Utah .
And then , after the war , I can take them back to that , and we can get it to our research .
And the second time the war was not realized that we had no consciousness .
We 're sitting with our friends and we sit around with a little bit of music , and some of the beautiful music when it hits it .
So , that 's bad .
And we 're talking about that , and in eastern the European War , it 's going to be pretty fast .
And I 'd like to go to a place where I 'm going to go to the same place .
Autonomy is voluntary purpose .
Three different kinds of movement and traffic jams , in the same area , philanthropy practice .
Nothing works .
They ruined everything .
Man : Oh , unbelievable .
Those are the people who have power , we need to talk about them .
What are the rules of the code ?
They could n't do it .
So I went to it .
It was Sierra Leone , North Carolina .
So I started talking to them to convince them that we were in a place where they were protected .
And this is the rules , and dengue fever is actually banned .
But they said , " You know , the mosquito is not important , and you protect the animals you want .
We do n't think so .
We have to do this because it makes our movement progress .
I said , " No , you ca n't do it this way . "
We were talking to them , and I was training .
Let 's protect our device , try to protect us in about 15 people .
So we 're going on .
But what I 'm doing is , talk about them .
Sometimes we 're going to go in and talk to them , and they 're talking to the conversation -- and sometimes they say , " My language , <unk> <unk> . "
I heard their strategy and their plans .
And sometimes they had a fireman 's license and so forth .
They introduced me to what I 'm doing with the calculation , where I am .
This is my only device -- my satellite phone , my computer and a piece of solar panels that I hid in the forest .
Every time , every day , when we went to meetings , we did any compromise , and I was going to write a quick email , send a quick email .
I do n't know how many people have been on my address .
I 'm sending out the news and the people who are going to be planning .
They were intrigued by what we were doing at the morning , and the afternoon came out of the BBC , the news news .
Some things might be going on .
One day , we went to a meeting meeting .
Excuse me .
One day , we went to the Rio Generation .
And he 's packed with me the same kind of thing with me .
And he said , " Do you know how to do this ? "
I said , " I 've never seen it . "
I do n't know .
And my cell phone is in your pocket .
So that was a chance of giving me a lot of trust .
They do n't , they did n't look at me .
So I 'm scared .
When we end up , I put it back into the forest .
And I 'm bringing news and doing something else every day , to the United Nations , for my New York City Corporation , and this is what I 've been doing .
And for those of you who go out and release that place , it 's a lot of pressure .
Because there 's no other way of doing anything they do , and they 're all in the same time .
In Long Island , they slaughtered all the animals in the front .
We have 14 million dollars , and one of them was pregnant .
In the war , keep a week in the workforce , and after this area , we 've got the first one -- we have a first <unk> .
This is the only one that could beat me and shirt .
It 's not a local community , it 's not a priority .
They 're so happy to release the headlines they 're protecting in the war because we 're releasing the news and the coverage of the War .
A week later , we celebrated the teenage elections of the paddock , and they 're just in the middle of 50 meters , which is the place where the wind is born .
I was almost crazy .
I am against them , and I 've been fascinated by the introduction and the Tibetan Plateau .
And I succeeded .
And the elephant was just cracking , and the people got the ballast .
And what we 're doing is that we have to reconstruct the war in that war .
We had some money -- I got 150 dollars .
I 've taken out of half of the topology to reconstruct plants , because we do n't have a good infrastructure to do it .
Yellow defense works more to produce more growth .
I started working on my 70 dollars , and I start growing funding in places where I was traveling .
I had the opportunity to rediscover places that were collected in my 16th elections .
They give me some support , and I got it .
Now it 's used to train young people .
And at the same time , this is what we 've been working on , and my designs to track global warming , which is , in fact , influence the ecosystem of carbon dioxide .
This is one of our 40 spacecraft projects that we 've been embarking on with a pair of upright - proof and Marxist plant , and we 're going to regularly track them all over the place .
We have about 15 years of data now to see how the deforestation was made of carbon .
And -- I think it 's hard to me .
This is a very awkward speech , I think .
I do n't know where from where I start .
When I think about it , the best news I 'm going to talk about , I do n't think about it .
But now I want to give it a name called " Rover . "
Do you hear ?
Now what we 're talking about is mixing , fix Africa .
But is it a tool of a self - organization , or a game ?
And I think we 've seen the game of war as a soccer game , like football .
Everybody is happy , but they do n't want to see what it looks like in Darfur .
Now we said , " Oh my God .
Check in Rwanda .
Because they were talking about forces .
I do n't think anybody will complain about Google because it 's doing the right thing to do , even though the guy 's right is going to be able to negotiate each other .
But it gives the best public services .
But what happens to the industry industry ?
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : Thank you , thank you .
And there it is .
This is an amazing story .
I suspect many of you have the same problem with me .
How do we help you ?
PH : It 's a very awkward problem .
Now I feel nervous .
And I think it 's helping us to do it sometimes .
I did it myself .
And if I was in the age of childhood , I would n't be able to do the elephant , and I wo n't do it .
For many , many people have seen the wisdom of Africans , but there are very few people .
A lot of people die because all of these strains , malaria , poverty , ca n't go home .
You can give us the support of our support , which is the ability to build .
How many people have the same opportunity to go to America , read a graduate student .
Or go to -- I 'm standing in the Netherlands .
But many of them are here because they do n't have money .
They were even more college .
They do n't even get caught up .
To make a young generation of skills , the ability to build the next generation will make it better to Africa .
Chris Anderson : Thank you , thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/bill_davenhall_your_health_depends_on_where_you_live.html
Bill Fowler is a brilliant explorers , and he shows the importance of the Earth 's worst waves . He wants to discuss the moon for looking for the space of looking at the Moon .
Rover , NASA , adventure , energy , exploration , sports , space , technology , universe
<unk>
Bill Fowler on the world 's dilemma
And I 'm going to take you to the first place where a natural abyss , a lot of people believe that it will be the most important of the world .
And I said to believe that it did n't end .
There 's a couple of meetings going on next year , and I 'm going to try and introduce you to this one .
Now , one of the things that changes the world was written in the science World War II , and then after the last 150 years , technology was able to get a couple of places that we did n't know , but we could n't imagine it would n't be thought .
And we can get to the Earth right now .
We found that we found the strangeness of a bizarre abyss and the refined . It was very impressive , and they looked at the window .
And when we go to this kind of vocabulary , we usually have four months , and we have the size of our team , the height of the team .
A lot of the people I want you to pick up with this project ?
And our journey is not as much as NASA , but it 's also the same .
And what we 're looking for is capacity to work , and it 's going to be limited to a long time and a long time and a long time .
And if you want to know , this is our celebrity test .
But we also need to be able to deal with the ability to solve the capacity of human dilemmas , and that ability , in the middle of the world .
The pressure is very important to be more important than the human condition .
From the Zen Street , it does n't look like a business system .
And what you see here is the number two , and it 's not the Grand Canyon , but it does n't look at it .
And there we have a couple of two dentists coming out there .
It 's like a high - speed retreat , which is different , and it 's different from the rope .
This is what makes people feel a little bit uneasy in this underground environment , and it 's very cold , very smooth .
I 'm supposed to talk about all the things that you 're looking at .
Otherwise , in these places are black .
And the more you get more and more to the problem , the more the problem .
It 's basically a tree of turning down the trees .
Eventually , you 're going to get into a horrible danger of dangerous danger , but the slide is n't quite shown .
So I found a little video from the late ' 70s .
This is in Mexico Bay .
Now I 'm going to remind you that the technology of this is being used and dangerous .
Now , unless it 's a movie , we do n't do it .
Again , I 'd like to say that we 're on the bottom , like the monster of Hollywood last year , at least not seen the talent of people .
And if you have underground chaos , it would be a deadly amount of time , and once you go from the nearest step to three days , this kind of thing , which is the kind of thing that 's going to happen in the last 10 days , and it 's a lot of fun .
I 'm going to donate a international team to Idaho .
We 've got to go from underground to about 12,000 ft -- and start shot . That area 's 30 km off the ground .
And the fishermen are going to move 30 days further than the landing .
I think that there 's no competition in tourism .
Finally , if you 're going down to the cave , the probability says you might go into a way to enter a one .
There are a lot of water .
When they were looking for these places , people would draw a straw on the map .
And this word I remember fondly , because there are two reasons why .
First , it 's the name of my brush , and the second , because the challenge of these places is a maker .
And from coming from , we developed a lot of small instruments in exploring places like this .
And this is kind of a smooth maintaining - life device .
You can use it for about 200 meters above the surface .
When you walk on the water , it felt like a little bit like a Velcro .
It 's like landing , but it 's going to move faster and bigger .
And this gives you a sense of how to design your instruments to go further faster .
This is a couple of days ago , in 1999 , 1999 .
Announcer : Narrator : exploration is a physics process that allows you to never have a place to live .
This is a very short end of the planet .
There are only some very few people who can do it .
Bill Koch : That movie is written in Florida .
And this movie has a very strong movie : all of the devices that you see is that all the equipment that you 're looking at are not there .
They were invented in two years , and they were used to actually investigate projects .
And what you see here is a map of electronic grass -- it reflects the world 's first three - dimensional map , and it 's a three - dimensional map .
And that 's what 's going on on the front of the world to the other world .
This is a sneak preview .
A few days ago , a couple of days talked about another planet called <unk> .
A study of scientists believe that there is one of the most likely to explore the Earth 's life , and life exists in the ocean , but there 's a planet in southern Africa .
For those of you who never seen this story , Jim Cameron Cameron took a gorgeous movie called " The Headwaters . "
This is a little clip of a young piece -- a recent challenge : explore the final challenge of robots .
It takes a long time , and it takes the robot to spend a minute .
It has to be very smart to avoid all kinds of risks to find a good vine .
Now we have to go through the ice .
There is a need to cut .
It 's basically a heat shield .
ice is probably three to 25 miles .
Within a week , melts in the middle of the day , cut off their weight through the ancient surface , and then finally -- what would you do when you get to the bathroom ?
You need a car tank , and it 's a water emitter .
It has to be smart , and it 's going to drive itself in the ocean to make decisions that are able to decide to make decisions in the cosmos .
Bill Fowler : Jim Fowler was n't a single six months ago when NASA was NASA , NASA has introduced me to develop a team that was flying across the vertical axis .
I spent three years , and the design meeting , design and systems , designed the towers -- the Open Street Project .
It 's like a movie representation , and it 's a little object .
It has 96 sensors , 60 to the $ 100 computer procedure , took 42 million dollars .
This is , in the way , north of Mexico .
Somebody was exploring the Rift Valley , and nobody knew what was going on .
Exploring it was one of the missions at the University of Illinois .
We have two ways of studying this .
How do you do this ?
How do you get into the robot 's biologists ?
And this has more steps , and I do n't have enough time , but basically we manipulate robots through this space , we let it detect a little bit of it .
We measured the surface of the robot , and there 's a lot of life there .
We just move forward , and that 's what 's called a little bit of the color change .
And if we have interesting stuff , we put it on the microscope .
If it ran through the microscope , we collect samples .
We collect samples , or we directly extract a solid spacecraft from the vertical box .
It does n't require a remote control process .
This is all made up of robots .
And the biggest innovation of this machine is that we developed a special set of engagement , called " 3D , " and also for the same time .
It 's a great eye - based game .
And its senses can be used at the same time , and they allow it to make a new exploration of exploration and it allows the geometry to manifest its geometry .
And what I 'm going to show you is the first time in history , I 'm going to show you the first time that the robot 's running through the robot .
And this year , we 're ready to go from PubMed , and if we were lucky enough to be able to get the first gene to look at bacteria - looking bacteria .
And then the second step was that in Antarctica , and if the money was going to test it , then if investors were willing to take charge , we might have done the first evidence that the Earth was , in May B.C.
What 's the space exploration ?
The U.S. government recently announced the project of the moon .
The success of this task led to a lot of government scientists and pilot boards of the moon .
Compare it to 50 years ago , from the perspective of human exploration , it does n't work .
If we want to have a long time in the lifetime , it would have to be a lot of change .
And I 'm going to show you a little bit about controversy .
I want you to listen to me and believe that we 're talking about it .
Researchers work on space to work in space research .
Eighty - five percent of the planet 's planet goes into space .
They were asked by Warren Buffett and Richard Woloshin , and I sold them to them .
Come on . Wait .
The other thing we need to do is stretch out the trail .
And I started doing space for space , and then we had our technology .
The last one , really , is space dives .
It would n't be a picture .
And if it exists , it changes all the future projects and the space exploration exploration .
Now , to give you a sense of what 's going on here , I 'm going to teach you a little bit of space - time flying .
First of all , you have to pay everything in space for a while .
Anybody meet a cup of a week ?
You want to pay for a dollar on the boat .
You have to spend more money on TED , if Google is about Google .
Second , 90 percent of the airplane is the weight of 90 percent .
So every time you want to do anything in space that you 're doing in the universe , every time you hook up , you 're in the Houston loop .
Even though they do a bomb , they ca n't keep it .
So , what if you can get the fuel out of 10 ?
There is a place where you can do it .
In fact , you can get more cheap -- you could get a quarter of a thousand dollars on the moon .
The U.S. Millennium Development Agency was called the Personal Project .
And the most amazing discovery of this project is that it 's an enormous amount of hydrogen in the moon .
And that signal is very strong about 10 meters of water to produce it , which is hundreds of millions of years , and it 's tens of thousands of times .
And if we 're going to take advantage of the production of production that 's possible , we have to find a lot of defense in space .
We ca n't do it now .
And the way people do this now is to try to overcome the forces of the Earth .
We have to overcome it .
We can do it because space is not in space .
We 're almost using suppressed systems .
This is a team at the University of Narok , Illinois , professor - trained team .
We can expand it to almost every other area .
Bob Marley is going to test a device in space right now .
We can get better .
We can build space supplies , boats and water streams .
There 's another thing .
When you walk back to the moon , the orbit told us .
You need 10,000 feet per second , and it 's going to be the speed of velocity .
You have two options .
You can burn the rocket , or you can do incredible things .
You can skip the stratosphere , and you grab the height , and go back to space .
It has never been done .
It 's a very risky , OK ?
The traditional space approach is that you 're not going to get enough fuel to make sure that everyone is safe to do it , and you can respond to it .
If you try to try and do this in order to do that , it takes a half - dollar light .
But if you send a ticket to get it to where it 's going to be wind , you know , what 's the story ?
It 's not the story . I 'm more like this .
I like grey , I really love it , so we do n't really prepare it .
But if you really are really crazy , you can get it out there and build it , and it 's the most exciting demo that you 're leaving to get out of the Earth .
People say nothing about 100 million years and 20 years in space to do anything .
It 's wrong .
In seven years , we were able to beat a industrial program that went to the moon and showed that humans use business to make business on a moon .
We are one of the most exciting times of human history .
We 're here as a writer , and the individual wealth , the imagination , is replacing the needs of the space .
What I 'd like to describe is to create a new kind of industrial zone , and provide a very new approach to open space into space .
It needs to take advantage of a new way .
We can begin to have a long time like Lewis and Clark across America in the United States , where the industrial revolution is the foundation of the moon , and it shows that they can become an effective business of business .
When people talk about what they 're talking about , it seems always always to put the purpose of what 's going on .
In the end , I 'm now making commitment commitment .
I love this space cup .
The appropriate thing is that it can be done in seven years .
And to join me out of the people who have been doing it for the rest of those people to explore what they 're doing today , and if you 're here , it 's not the case .
People had been cleverly manipulated .
We do that for a whole time .
About 100 years ago Seymour Papert said , " We 've got to do what we need to look at . "
Now , it 's the same thing I 'm going to do on the bottom of the moon , and we 've been able to get into the final task for all of us .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sergey_brin_and_larry_page_on_google.html
The psychiatrist is looking at the process of looking for her creative design , discussing creativity from .
arts , culture , entertainment , storytelling , writing
250
Yves Behar on design
Nothing 's value : it might be possible .
This is a piece of mine that I got in the middle of 11 and a half years ago .
Today , I 'm going to talk about creating , and the art of availability .
I 'm not just going to give up my 18 minutes to do it , and to follow the TED status : I must say , " You know , these are really the feeling of efficacy . "
Okay .
And I 'd like to say that if I lied , or I said , " I 'm not going to tell you about David Smith , who said he would be able to get a mess . "
This is a map of scientists in the audience .
When I use " We do n't mean what you 're saying , " I 'm saying I , my right hand , and I have a lot of money in the middle of my hand and it 's going to remind me what to do .
And I 'm going to talk about the process of my personal creation process , and there are some different events that happen before I started to work on earlier .
And it became a parent , and I was called the " boomerang Things . "
In the midst of teens , we have to look at whether we are born , or if we 're born with this gift or in our brains , if some of you do n't have a very regular impact on it .
It 's a couple of other ways that we 've been born with it .
Some people , like my mother , would say I find these writing material materials .
Some people say that genius is a side - based side effect -- like Digg , which is what you 've got a little bit of a little bit , or depressed .
But I had to tell people -- recently , I 'm just going to read Josh , which is not a mental patient , and it 's more likely to have a temporal electrode , but I think it really will impact your brain .
I also had to mention that , in fact , I had this temporal electrode , and I was writing my book , some people said , " A very different book .
There 's a part of a identity crisis : who are I , why am I here ?
And sometimes you have these skills , but they might not be a skill of creativity .
I 'd been painting . I thought I would be an artist .
This is my miniature hair .
It seems like it 's not quite a good idea .
Because what I do is they put them up .
And I 'm probably going to go on a book from one book .
But what I 'm really trying to do is do n't seem very nice , you know , if you look at those early trials , it 's not too bad , but it does n't make me predict a single day I can use writing .
One of the principles of creativity is the mental traumatic rehabilitation .
I think that the trauma and the common people from the parents came from parents to roar for granted .
This is a toy that I got in my nine - year - old , and I was able to get a doctor out of a doctor .
There are a couple of times more psychological anti - traumatic balance : the recovery of a verb to be a pianist to become my second , but ultimately it 's just the way I feel failure .
But in fact , I had some real psychological dynamics in my life .
And I was discovering my brother , in 1967 , and then my father got a different brain .
My mom believed that there was something wrong about her , and she wanted to figure it out .
My father was a priest , and he believes he believed that God would solve those problems .
But they were dead , and they went down half months .
And then , after that , my mom believed that it was the mosquito , and she went around the universe and why it happened .
Forget all the reasons . She does n't believe in accident .
All the reasons .
She believes she was in her mother , and she believed she died her mom .
So I 'm always dying because my mom believes I 'd be the next one , or she would be next to her .
When you 're faced with death , you start thinking about things .
You start very creative , and you start to survive .
And it reminded me a big question .
Some of me are still thinking about this .
Why does this happen , how do they happen ?
My mom asked me : How did I make these things happen ?
It 's a matter of writing with stories .
Because you have to say that , you know , this problem says , " Why do things happen ? "
I , as a leader , has a role for this story ?
And I think that 's the question of all scientists .
I 've developed myself in my world as a maker .
There 's a lot of people trying to try and create a little bit of this , and try to figure out a little bit of a year .
When I think about the crisis , I also think that this is from a place of life , and it 's not really depressing .
I 've looked at this in many cases , almost all the things that happened in this conference .
Let me give me a metaphor for symmetry : although I do n't understand quantum mechanics , but I 'm going to make it a process for why it 's metaphor .
In symmetry , there is dark energy and dark matter .
It 's like we try to explain what happens .
There 's a lot of bad news , and you do n't know what it is , but it does n't know .
But when you try to figure out the links , you get the core iteration of the story , and you suddenly find things .
And that 's what I wanted to do in my work , right ?
In a quantum symmetry , there 's no matter at least .
And the same thing happens .
And there 's a terrible emotional effect , when you 're looking for something , the same thing that happens , you try to look at it with different perspectives , and you can try and figure out how to find it and the rest of the other , or the story and what you do .
Nothing was discovered .
And you should find it , you really want to find , in chaos , it does n't work .
I do n't want to ignore what happens in the other side of the universe , like some scientists .
So , I 'm going to tell you about string theory , which proves that creative people are not just a multi - level , and the anxiety of panic .
And they all happened .
And then there 's a couple of questions .
It 's like you 're talking about the universe of the universe .
You do n't understand what you 're doing , but some things work .
It 's a very , very uncomfortable feeling , for my life , but it still exists . The moral uncertainty .
It always exists . For example , a thing that 's happened recently .
When I was working on editing , I read a woman who was written in Iraq , and she was using a very famous Chinese response .
" Take a long time , you have to negotiate for his entire life . "
It means that since we get into Iraq , we should be able to do it until we 're going to fix it . You know , even about 100 years .
Here 's another example , which is called " The Eagle Nebula . "
The Buddhist Buddhist believes that people should not be trusted by a belief .
But it still does n't have to be a big one .
In order to replace it , they claim that they were the fish of a fish , but it was unfortunately the same thing .
And the metaphor of these two stories is a metaphor in which one of those statements came out of my mom and said , " You 've got to negotiate with his life for his lifetime . "
It 's a prank : forget about other people 's people 's faces .
But I would like to say that if somebody was really happy about them , she was a little girl .
But these two ideas , no matter what the diameter of the fish is , but the people who do n't get your intentions .
We have a response to what 's happening in our lives .
It 's their intent .
And the last thing that we did , and the final thing was done .
And it turns out not to be a lot of our intention .
Impossible . So , what 's our responsibility ?
What should we do ?
We should be able to stay in charge and try and reconstruct our behavior , to say , I 'm not supposed to get a lot of time , so I should do it .
So this is a hard time for my life , and even even though I wrote books , it 's called a red bar .
And once you realize that this problem is , it turns out it 's all over the place .
Where can you see it ?
And I know that they 're all there .
In writing , I saw these clues , and I realized they were all there , but it was n't going to disappear .
What I need to do is focus .
When I have a question , it 's a focus .
Those of you who live in their lives have been connected to what 's happening in these situations .
It 's everywhere .
You think it 's something that happens in the middle of the universe , or maybe the help of the universe .
And you can tell that it 's the focus of the heart , right ?
You can find it .
You start using it .
You start looking at things that are meaningful to you .
When your brothers meet the boat , you should help him ?
Why is it ? Why not ?
It might be more serious than you think about human rights solutions .
And I wondered if I would n't go , because someone told me that I was there as a leader of my community .
But a few years later , I asked myself , " Why are we going to care about other people or cognitive minds ? "
This is kind of like me growing up in the process of growing , like my father 's father and morality .
And finally I decided to do it for myself , and I still do n't know , to write a book about it , but it turns out how time I 'm going to get back to the time .
We always care about things in the world .
We said , " What can I do ? "
Do n't everyone go to Africa , or in the hospital working , and how do I do this ?
I think one of the most important questions about the future .
Let 's go back to the same problem .
And when I met these morality , let me feel very uncomfortable with what I 'm talking about , what is my point of thinking about the identity of my identity , and why do I get back back to the design of the entertainment problem , where I am here ?
It seems obvious , but it looks like it .
We do n't like the rules of moral uncertainty , but it 's not really a sure .
In my writing , this is where I started .
Sometimes I look at the help of the universe .
My mother said that from the first time , the inspiration came from my grandmother , because I know a lot of what I do n't know .
And I did n't draw my grandmother because I 'd eaten 48 percent of the lion , and the players were inspired by the story .
My mother believed that these information had to come from my grandmother .
And in front of that , there are some beetles that are blogging , and I have a different writing .
And I was writing a story about the old history of history and geography .
Here 's the details of the story .
And I came up with this book from the book , and I picked up the first time in my story and the place where the characters and my characters had to be near a very close place and thought he was the father of God 's son .
Do you want to think that it 's all accident ?
But what 's accidental ? What is the opportunity ?
What 's the inspiration for that ?
It 's a part of the story .
So this is what I thought I 'd think about every day .
It 's a very good time when it 's good at bad .
But I 'm convinced that this leads me to see what they 're made of , and I 'd like to thank you .
Because , I think , more than that , the more they 're going on .
And there was a place where I was just working with my friends , and I went to the corner of this town , where the rural village was in the village , the rural village .
And we went across three Avenue in the third valley , and I 'm not quite comfortable with it , I know it would be my story .
This is happening in the third valley .
And one of the things that I wrote about that was a man , is running up the street .
I do n't know why I write it , but it 's a nurse .
And I fell into the dilemma , and a friend asked me that I would n't go to her and I said , " Wow , I met a man in beach and met a guy .
One of the Chinese men is a Chinese man , and he does n't have any tools , no tools , no tools .
And I asked him , how could this possibly be ?
And he said , " Well , everything is in the world .
And that 's what I 'm talking about in my story .
In my writing , I did n't have a lot of time .
Do I know if I have a special scoring system because these are heavy - induced things that I want to write ?
Or is this something that we do n't want to justify at the same time ?
I 'm also a skeptic .
As I said , my mother never believed accident .
What 's the accident ?
How are we going to deal with these legal factors , and how do we do it with their responsibility ?
I have a little experience that I 've taken on the most poorest stock ward in China .
I see this beautiful place , I know I want to go back .
When the National Guard asked me , I would like to do something about Chinese research , and I know my chances are .
And I said , " Well , I want to write this song .
They agreed . It 's a sin of liberation that I 've taken on the middle of my desk , and a man has put it on a hill .
60 households per salary , 40 households committed suicide .
This family needs responsibility .
The old son was arrested to three miles across the house .
And the Westerners said , " But it 's an unexpected . It 's fair .
It 's not an escape .
But when I was writing this story , I had to give out the original ideas .
A couple of times , but I had to overcome myself , just to go there .
So I went three times in different seasons .
In this poor village , I have a different sense of what 's happening in history , and the life of your life is to make you happy , your ritual , the way you and others and other family types of family -- and I started to understand that this is responsible for self - justice .
I also started to learn the ritual they use . It 's a sin - old ritual . Let 's get some people to go to the airport .
You , as an African , like I , is a Muslim , saying , " That 's what it is , but after a long time , it looks at these amazing things , and you start thinking about how these wondrous things are going on in this world .
So I decided that the more I wrote with them , more and more convinced , and I was convinced that this was important to me -- to really take advantage of these beliefs because it was the answer to the real place that I found my life .
Over time , I wrote a lot of work , but it 's not just happening at the moment , and I want to say it .
And they went out and went , and it was no longer me .
And in every surgeon , they have different interpretations .
But I still go back to the same problem , how do I get to the same problem ?
How do I create my life ?
I came up with this problem and told me that it did n't have an answer .
And I believe that the details of the story , the detail , and the stock details , is what 's happening in the history of my story .
And I also believe that these are the things that we 're proposing , about luck , attacks and accidents , and the dynamics of these mysterious forces , I 'm going to have some concepts of creativity .
Do I think of the role of myself in the universe , where anybody is going to be like this , or it 's completely drawn to me ?
And I can imagine that the answer is to find the answers , or it looks like it 's the world .
And this is the way I found part of the truth , not absolutely , or a real truth .
They have a lot of possibilities . They have no idea .
There 's no whole answer .
And even though it 's a good thing to remind me , everything is good because I always find new things .
And if you have a piece of puzzle , a more complete answer is , it 's easy to imagine .
If you think of it as a story , I 'm totally transparent to my story until I am .
And that 's what I found out that if I could feel the plot of the story , I got closer and closer to understanding what was going on .
Because for all of us , we asked things to do what happens .
I have to be part of a story .
And when we go to the end of the speech , I 'm going to reveal what the coffee is , and that 's what it 's about to change our lives .
Here it is .
Thanks very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/robert_full_on_engineering_and_evolution.html
In a world where a lot of choices are limited to the world , we tend to ignore the stuff that the marketing is going to do , and marketing unites us , which is a little bit boring , but the weird ideas are even more successful .
business , choice , culture , sports , shopping , storytelling
28
Sebastian Savage and his blood cell
I 'm going to give you four specific examples of what I think -- and then I 'll wrap it up -- a company named Jack , which is how the company is doing one thing to get to the end of the process , and the artists are so powerful that artists have made a whole set of money .
One of the most successful ones , in the last few years , is to create a record company , and created a footage called HyperCard .
And I had to tell you a guy about the guy called Martin Williams and the story of the Red Brigades .
Now , in 1910 , the blood vessels were invented before I wanted to know what people said ?
Like a great invention , or anything else .
This is a guy named Julia Butterfly Hill , who invented radio bread , and most of the most popular things , he took all the attention and construction .
And in fact , the invention of the blood bread was this case -- the first 15 years before people could get it , no one knew that it was a failed invention .
And the reason is that the idea is , before the first time , the ideas of the agile bread , it does n't have anybody to do it .
In fact , the success of the bubble , like today we 're talking about all the other successful things that we 've talked about , and it 's not just what it is like , or how it works , whether the factory is , what 's the key question you can do .
And I think you want you to change the change , and you think that it 's going to happen . The key thing is you 've got to think about a way to get you thinking about spreading .
For me , whether you 're running a village or you are a lover , or if you were a businessman , you might be driving a cup of steel .
This is where you do any professional career , or whatever we do .
We 're living in the era of a ideas .
It 's only about mosquito concepts .
Normally , I 'm going to take a lot of the time , because I can put the most delicious feedback on my drawings and the business of business , and the business of business is easy to measure .
But when I use these examples , I hope you can forgive me because what I 'm talking about is what it takes you to do .
The core point is to spread the TV and the TV stuff .
In some sense , TV is a little easier to get us into ideas .
I call the TV industry .
And the process of doing this is , first of all , you bought some ads -- and you get some people .
And then you take more products and buy them .
Finally , you do more ads .
It 's the same way around and over and down , and our critics are already used for a long time .
And that kind of pattern , we 've heard yesterday , if we 're able to take a piece of a song and if you want to get the one out there and tell them what they 're going to do , to tell people what we want .
And if we do that , everyone would have noticed that we could get out of the way .
Well , the TV industry was inspired by inspired my entire childhood or maybe .
I mean , all of these successful products , because some people know how to use a kind of deterministic way to build a rocket that does n't necessarily need a ads , and until people buy it .
And then a thing happens , you put it on the street .
It 's just recently in the last few years , and the people who have discovered the work of work now .
This is a very stupid picture , and I 'm sorry that it 's my mental illness .
And the thing in the middle blue box is the typical thing I want to say .
Right . I went to the tooling , and I had to get a couple of drugs . I needed to buy some drugs .
The product of the product took a billion dollars to spend on the blue box , trying to put my notice in a year .
With a million dollars a pair of ads and magazine , these maggots , Penney , pepper fever -- all that all I can ignore .
And so I brought them to ignoring them because I do n't have any problem .
I bought a drug box on the yellow box because I used to use it .
I 'm not going to take any minute from my time to solve it , because I do n't care .
Here 's a magazine called " The Botany of water . " It took 180 pages to talk about water .
Yeah . Those are the reports of water , water .
Let 's imagine about 40 years ago what 's going on in the world , and it 's just " Best " and " Autumn , " and " The Oprah . "
Now there 's a magazine about water .
This is a new product from Coke , where the water water .
It 's bad . Every three weeks , they 'll draw a new product because they do n't know the product , because it does n't .
And the next one came out of four days ago , and I got the key part and you could see it here .
And they came up -- the astronauts were going to spend a hundred billion dollars to follow a piece of furniture with a cad - polo - pants voice , hoping that it would get people to go into a shelf sandwich .
And I 'm thinking , what are they going to do with a broadcast laptop , which is a joke about Windows -- the gecko , to get you to your land , and to buy a cup of laundry sandwiches .
See , this is the Grand Canyon , and he 's right , he always has to talk to someone who needs to listen to you .
And the world was walking around me , and I , myself , I -- I am , my favorite one -- that 's me .
I do n't want anybody to tell anybody , I just wanted to get my own email . "
So the consumer , I 'm not talking about the people in the playground , and I mean what the government might need to be able to buy some of these people , or they might print you in New York to print your article .
The consumer does n't care about you , and they do n't care about it .
Partly , it 's -- they have more choices than the past , and less time .
In a world where we have a lot of choices , we 're not going to be able to do something about something that we 're going to do .
So , for example , when you 're driving on the ground , if you look at a piece of paper , then you go to drive because you 've seen it before .
It 's a wasps ' nest . It is very boring .
Who 's going to stop on the road and say , " Oh , a cup . No one does it . "
But if it 's a purple line -- this one is a little bit cooler ?
Just as long as you will .
And if that 's a binary shape , you might notice it 's time .
I mean , if all the tiles are purple , you feel boring .
One thing is that it can decide what people talk about , what do you do , and what can you get ? What is the key ?
It 's a very , very cool word , because we often think of it as a brilliant meaning , it means -- it 's worth discussion .
And this is the nature of the idea .
In the United States , one of the two cars in the U.S.
People would like to buy them , but the only one in common is no communal denominator .
In the U.S. television , one of the first meetings is changing .
It wo n't be called " The Lord of The " " Society , " and they usually are a little bit of a movie called " The Committee of the citizens . "
But it became a matter of a decade , because it was introduced Monday .
Because it 's a lot of water because it is fresh .
Because you see it all the time -- I do n't know if it 's there -- and then look at it .
For about 20 years of success , the most successful stories -- one of the things that put it on the blue box , and the other one is going to take them to make them more cheap .
Their only individual is very different .
Recent business is going to work very well , and to keep what we do to survive , it 's going to work .
One thing is , people know what this business will look like , because they 're used to it .
And for the rest of us , we have to think about it .
How do you understand that this is not a big page of using a page - to - page , or to eradicating people , or to maintain other people .
This is a completely different approach to thinking about what ideas are going to get .
This chair -- that 's what they bought for 10 billion dollars , because they inverted the means of marketing .
Penguins are no dynamic marketing , but you 're working in the workplace .
And this guy , he named Jack Kennedy -- the most famous communist baker in the world -- and he was just killed in two and a half months ago , who was my hero and my friends .
He was in Paris , and last year he sold a million dollars a year .
Each loaf of bread is happening in his own cabinet , and a baker 's charge of a bread in a oven .
When the first one was introduced , the French was a very high France .
They do n't want to buy this fractal . It looks like " French 's bread . "
This is not a bread in the French imagination .
But it 's because of this loaf of bread and different , and slowly slowly , it turns out until the last time it became a leader of Paris .
Now we 're living in London , and his bread is being liberated by the International Astronomical Union .
In the past , our businesses have been producing common products for us .
This is the mass marketing .
It does n't matter whether the extreme consumer nets was a big market .
But they had a special passion for the people who were very passionate about <unk> .
All the products went to the middle .
But a world - based world 's world is moving down to us , and I think it 's not just what we 're going to use to use .
I do n't think you need to sell things to people all the time .
It should sell things to real care and care .
Those who are attracted to something .
When you speak they hear it because they like to listen to -- to communicate with them .
And if you 're lucky enough , they 're going to go through their own friends and their friends , and then it spreads .
And finally spreading the whole curve .
They have something that I call " bastards . " This is a great Japanese word .
It 's a guy who used to describe degrading people , such as they 're going to go through Tokyo to listen to a new document , because that 's what they are doing . They 're pretty patriotic .
To make a product , a marketing idea , the idea is that any way you want to solve the problem , any place if you do n't have a group of prolactin , it 's almost impossible to work .
Instead , you have to find a group of people , and those who really want to listen to the people you talk about .
And they talk to them and they 're easy to transfer your ideas and give friends to friends .
Here 's a one - like currency , but it does n't like a parking ticket .
So this is why many of you have a lot of different kinds of rice , and there 's a lot of different kinds of wood .
It 's not because it 's hard to produce interesting amounts of fun -- you can make fun of it -- but nobody is addicted to the <unk> , so nobody has to tell the friends .
This is a company that has been introduced to the companies that have been introduced .
They have a strategy , and what they 're doing is to go into a city and negotiate with the people who are growing in the city .
It sold 100 million dollars , but it killed 12 minutes .
Not everybody likes it , but they do n't care about it .
They told people about it , and maybe they could spread .
And these guys make the best of the world in the world .
And the voice could be released , so you could have a car ticket , or if you had the car , maybe they would put a windshield .
But the truth still tells us that when someone wants to put a bunch of Legos , if they 're not bragging about their car , or where they hear people like , they can go and do it , and they 'll pay .
It 's really simple -- let 's sell things to listen to people , maybe , probably , the people who tell their friends .
So , when Steve Jobs was talking to his speech and 50,000 people , it was , you know , the people who were going to see the same thing from the state of the country , and they looked at his business list -- this is the only one that allows him to make his company work -- and then tell their friends .
Silly Hill , the last two years , came up with striations in the last two years .
And each one makes money . How would you do it ?
They 're only using their own site .
And those are the people who bought the Net web and bought their friends and whatnot , and tell them to go .
This hospital was sold to a dollar 15 dollars more than a regular vehicle .
But more than the others get faster and faster .
This is a backup company , of course , not to attract every person , but as long as the people like it , they 're crazy to talk about it .
On the front side of the tent , save the Netherlands , the company , becomes their wealth , and it 's better than the regular altar , because they made a lot of time because it makes a difference .
It 's not just what they 've lost a new ad on the product , but it 's a very simple kind of cliff .

It 's a little bit easier to try and make it a little bit .
This is a electrons maker , and you can put it in the wall .
And my father had a kind of sort of thing that he looked at in his house , and he was looking at where he was looking at .
And every person who came to his office wanted to know how to figure out how it came from the table .
Every time you get this guy , the ideas get spreading .
This is not diamond , it 's not a diamond .
They 're making a lot of light .
You know , you can make your own dishes when you 're prosecuted .
Oh , you like bed nets ? It 's my grandmother .
So the industry was really quite fashionable .
But you do n't need to be a source of wood -- and you did n't have to get the same kind of thing to do this .
What you 've got to do is figure out what people want and give them .
That kind of rules can determine very quickly .
And the first is : when you get a little bit of design design , it 's free .
People who are very specific things about people who know that they use good design .
Second number : One is the most risk of risk .
Obviously , is n't it ?
As a model as model is always giving you common products .
It 's a risky , and the idea is safe , different .
It 's a great one to feel what you 're doing .
It was very boring . It was great .
Whether you 're recording a piece of paper , or you are a architects , you 've got a lot of work on it .
If one thing is great , it does n't make any effect , because nobody 's ever noticed it .
So I have three stories .
And first of all , the company 's company , they do n't need to be able to do it , and they 're not going to get a product of their company , right ?
That 's three times . Why ?
milk . milk , milk and milk milk -- milk . Not milk .
And the people who look at the products in this room are very different from the product of the world .
And three times they do n't do any ads , they 're just going to get the product to be more porous , and they 're going to be more potent .
This is a different art . You do n't have to like it , but the dog 's high - speed dog is really very different in New York City .
Frank Gehry -- it 's not just changing a museum , he changes the economy of the whole world , and all the people who want to go to the building of the building .
Now we have a lot of meetings , and you know , the uncle 's offices , who knows where it is , where you all say , we need an architect -- Frank Gehry ?
Because he did some of the tricks .
Am I made it wrong ? I take a whole series of <unk> , hope they 're all going to fill up -- this is a new kind of recline , and I sold it to a family and a half dollars .
He did n't like this new music .
So you have to figure out who really care about you .
And there are people who are raising their hands and tell you , " I want to know what you 're going to do .
This is the last example I want to give you .
This is a map of the lake , in Washington .
And as you can see , it 's not a place where you 're looking at a green bar .
But they really did this .
And all the time you go from miles to miles , which is to be inside .
Now not anymore . So our daughters said , " We 're money .
But what do we do ? Like a lot of bicycles , they might get a little bit better and safe .
And then I went into a artist -- this is a real artist of artists -- he had a high - half - foot long - looking light bulb .
This is a curve of a purple seed , and it 's all about looking at stuff .
I do n't know if you 're good at it , and that 's where I go .
Thank you all .
http://www.ted.com/talks/dave_meslin_the_antidote_to_apathy.html
The Ba - ila shot on the front line and the rest of his life -- like he said , " The fear of fear and magic , by sharing a picture of the amazing pedestrian creature , he shows how marvelous photographs can help us make change .
fish , mission blue , oceans , photography , science
<unk>
MRI shows the destruction of the ocean -- with fear .
I 'd like to share with you a little bit about what I 'm talking about at the top of my country as a member of a country .
I wanted to be a saltwater photographer and a pilot because I had love the ocean as a kid .
And I want to talk about all the amazing things that I see in underwater , incredible wild and fun behavior .
And after 30 years , after three years of exploring the ocean , I never stopped on the most impressive surprise of this ocean .
But these days , I also have a lot of fun to see the horrible things that I think many people do n't realize .
And I 'm not going to take my camera to the question , and tell a whole story more .
And I want people to look at what 's going on in underwater , and it 's not even scary .
The first story was that when I was working in the National geography , I recognized the ability to tell stories about the environment of the Natural History , which is about a story about electrical seals .
Now , what I 'd like to talk about is just a little bit of focus on a couple of years of focusing on these animals , for a few weeks , to open up the mines in Canada to Canada .
And this is all about 400 yards across the wind and the currents .
And because I was a swimming photographer , I wanted to tell you about underwater and water , to interpret this picture , like this , showing a picture of these little beetles , and the water is really the first swim of the moisture that was really first flying .
But as I get involved in this story , I recognized that there are two dimensions that I ca n't ignore .
And the first one is that these animals were systematically infected by eight to 15 , and they were killed by the perfect rapes .
And in fact , this is the biggest mass of the planet on the ocean , every year , and there are thousands of prescriptions that are killed .
But what 's happening is that I think the biggest problem for Greenland is because the loss of global warming is reduced .
And I took this aerial picture of the sailing lawn in Greenland Coast .
Even though we see a lot of ice in the picture , there 's a huge amount of water .
And these ice is very thin .
And the problem is , for the sake of their mothers to take care of , these little worms need to be a dynamic platform from a thick shell .
They were born to be able to take care of 12 days .
But if you do n't have 12 days , they 're going to die of the ocean .
And I took this picture of a six - to - seven - and - a - half - the - odd little leopard -- it 's got killed a little bit in its mailbox -- and it has a lot of time to get rid of it , and the mother is mad .
Since I was there , this problem was obsolete every year .
And I found , last year , there was a little bit of rice in the Gulf of sand than 100 .
So obviously , this species has a lot of problems .
And this is a recent introduction to the National Theatre .
And it got a lot of attention .
And there was this latent potential that I saw the potential of the ocean .
So I wrote a story about the global crisis of global fish , because in the last 30 years , I witnessed this problem at the ocean , and because I read a piece of paper , this article shows 90 percent of the time , that the oceans have been lost for 90 or 60 years .
Like tuna , and sharks .
And when I read these , I was hooked .
I think it should be the good news of all media , but it does n't , so I want to do it completely different .
And I hope it 's more like a war camera , and there 's some of the shots that I 've pulled on the world to put the reader in the ocean , right across the ocean .
And the first part of this report , I think , is defendable , and the joy of the readers , the gratitude to the ocean .
Well , I think when people go into a restaurant and a steak , we all know where the steak is coming from where we come from , and we know what 's going on there , but when you get a little bit of the chickens , you know , what is the great animal that they 're eating ?
Now , they 're the oceans and tigers .
In fact , these animals are not supposed to be much more than what the world is .
They 're almost impossible to go from the equator to the bottom of the cliff , and they can go in the entire ocean every year .
And if we 're not so efficient to capture them , they 're all growing , and we might see a way to get a factor of 30 to 30 percent .
But the truth is , we 're catching them too efficient in the global population .
This is a daily dinner that I photographed for a couple of years ago in the Gulf
And every single day , these tuna , like this kind of black dragonfish , led to the same divination and a warehouse .
And I went around all around me , and I suddenly thought , well , the ocean was n't a grocery store , you know .
We ca n't do it all the time , and it 's not going to be an unintended consequence .
And with this story , I also wanted to show the readers how to get the fish to be caught and some of the way to fishing , like a craftsman in the world .
It 's a sanctuary in Mexico , but it 's the same way of working around the world .
And in the middle of two two planks , put it in the middle .
And when this device is hit by the water , the doors are covered with seawater , and then it hits the site and they put it in the middle and put a bridge on the bottom .
And then , by the way , through the bottom lines , shrimp shrimp shrimp .
But as you can think of , it will capture everything else .
And it ruins the surface of the ocean , like wind and coral , and this is the important area of other animals .
And I took this picture of the fishermen and took him a breath of a shrimp for a second .
So he took a little bit of shrimp , maybe maybe the shrimp shrimp and all the other animals .
These are the animals that die in the process of throwaways , but they do n't have commercial parking .
And this is a real cost of shrimp and 10 pounds , and 100,000 pounds had to die in the process of throwaways .
And to make it a little bit easier to get the bottom of the shrimp boat , and shot this picture , a piece of wood like garbage , which is like cleaning up this large death of death , but the animal , the emperor of these animals , is the same , as a kind of divination , , in the ocean , it 's being used to the sea .
I wanted to focus on sharks because , in the Earth , we killed over 100 million dollars a year .
But before I walked out of this picture , I had a picture of a couple of thousands of photos to die for the readers , and I think there 's still a lot of people who think that there are only six basking sharks .
But in a morning I wake up the water and found that it was just dead in this room .
It 's a huge amount of traffic and eyes , and it 's kind of like a mother who 's not like this , like that .
This is a picture in the National Highway in National Chemical , which is the main picture .
And I hope it could help readers notice that it 's all about the problem .
And because I love sharks -- I 'm about a couple of glossies -- and I want to do another , more happy about sharks , to talk about saving sharks .
So I went to the Bahamas , because it was a little bit of a very small place in the world to have a good place for shark protection , which is a lot of health , and it seemed to be very healthy for a few years ago .
I want to show you some species that we have n't seen in Times Magazine . They live in many places .
There is a place called the Air Force site , and the north in the middle of the Great Greeks is there .
This is a picture that I photographed from a low - level view of our boat , where there are a big age of old stars that are just going around the bottom .
But I would n't really want to leave the cover a little bit like a superhero .
I do n't want them to be threatened or scary .
It 's a beautiful 15 foot , maybe 14 feet , and I estimate the picture of the female , I think , that I 'm going to do a little bit of that , but she 's in the water and some of a sudden , if you put a shadow in her face , my passport has a cabinet .
And I think this picture is more elegant , less threats , more respect to this species .
And I was able to cut a story about this big river that was about seven or 10 years ago , and it did n't have to be filmed until that .
It 's a completely complete creature .
But this animal is used at Florida or in the Bahamas , and the kinds of things that are being thought to be a kind of damage to science data .
Well , we did n't know anything about them .
We do n't know where they come from , and they 're going to invade where the mosquito goes , where it 's overdue to get to the land , which is where you 're singing , at the end of the country , but it is about 80 percent .
You know , we 're looking at where we might find them faster .
This is a species of basking sharks , and a fourth species that 's been considered in the most dangerous species , if you look at this list .
But the numbers of this animal , in most cases , are about 98 percent .
And because it 's a natural animal , and it lives in the Rift Valley , because we do n't have a job to work , I took a <unk> , my friend , the sharks , a shark biologist .
And , of course , you 'll see that the photographer does n't mean it 's in print , obviously biologists are smarter than the veterinarian .
In the end of this report , I wanted to look at the shield shield .
I went to look at the pinnacle of the shark and the Air Force .
This is a picture of a lemon steel , which shows that these animals live in their head for a couple of years in protected .
This is even a little bit of a shark .
That 's not a very common picture .
But , you know , we see a 10-foot shark where the water is about about a foot in a water temperature .
But it 's important , and they 're going to live in the head of life in a couple of years , until they get enough to get the rest of it .
And when I left the door , I really learned that these habitats are being built to build a new lexicon and a <unk> .
If you 're willing to , we 're going to look at other recent themes , focus on a single story , and they 're facing the risks , the risk of risks .
This is a recent story I recorded .
And this is all the biggest , distributed , the most important , as long as a long time .
And here we see , in the lexicon , a little girl climbing up the ocean .
The history of this animal can go back to about 12,000 years .
In their lives , they sit down into the water and looked down at the bottom of the river and ran out of the bottom .
And today , they 're looking at the apartments .
But even though it 's a marvelous life , they 're being thought to be endangered .
And in the Pacific , I took this picture , and the mosquito was nearly about 90 years .
And this is a picture of one of the first things that I 'm going to try to get into the water , and it starts with a long time .
There 's only a couple of roads that go out in the early stages of ' 56 .
But it depends on their predators , like , on the beaches of beach , or waiting to be a little bit of a cup of fish in the wind .
Nature has learned that the people who have been able to do this sort of thing to try and overcome this horrible situation .
But what they did n't work with is human pressure , human behavior , like this picture of the picture , was introduced in the night at night .
In fact , I took this picture at the end of the Gulf , and the fishermen give this sea off from the wind , so it could be free to overcome .
But , you know , thousands of miles per year , and it 's not so lucky that the future of the world is so dangerous .
In the other narrative that I 've been involved in , another great species is called the Personal Genome Project .
And basically , it 's about a million years of coverage , and about billions of years ago , there is a kind of synesthesia on the planet , but when the continents move , the ocean has been cut , so there are two different species .
And what we see here is the Rover tank , and what 's going on here in the Lower East Side , where the child is leaving Florida .
Now , these are these two whales who have been imprisoned in the verge of extinction , but the number of things that are going to be very crowded , because it 's because they 're embedded in human activity .
Narrator : The most pessimistic list of the Earth is the most endangered species on the planet , because they 're the city of cities , and they live in North America and Canada , in the U.S.
This picture shows a picture of a whale near the Florida dump , and put it on the surface .
You can see the copper cortex in the background .
They have to wrestle with the stuff of the ocean , like an impostor and drug , and it might impact their ability to reproduce .
They 're also going to be <unk> .
This is a picture that shows the end of the wall .
These white tones are not just natural .
These are the dynamics of the anti - Prince .
There are 70 million people , but most of them do n't get rid of those lines , like 2.0 romance and prestige .
They experimented with them and eventually killed them .
And the other one is , they 're going to be <unk> .
And this is just a animals that 's been picked up at the polling stations , in Canada , where they 've been able to do this for a craftsman , which proves that it 's really being taken out of a boat .
So , all of these are the dynamics of this animal , and it makes it very small .
And in order to deal with the species of dilemmas , I found a number of different kinds of data , and this data was only about 10 years ago , in the South Side of Chicago , a place in southern New Zealand called south in New York City .
I was there in a winter .
And there is the animals that we 've seen before , and I might be the first human species .
And I 'd like to say that the water and they were so surprised to them .
In this picture , my sidekick is standing at about 70 feet deep and a marvelous beautiful beautiful , four - foot long , 70 - legged whale , and it 's like a city bike , you know .
They 're very , very large , and the health , it 's very strong , you know , there 's no way of recline , that 's what it looks like .
You know , when it 's in southern Africa , you get out in Long Island , and you put it on the back of the hill , where you go through the mountain of San Francisco .
Now we 're not going to go back to that moment and see , but maybe we have the amount of fuel that we have now .
And I 'd like to end with a vignette of hope , and a story that I 'm doing about the ocean of marine protection , which is that it 's a hard story for fishing and global fish .
I 've been working in New Zealand and working on it because Washington is a very inefficient , very good thing to protect their ocean .
And I really want this talk to three things , and I hope it 's all about rich , diversity and practice .
And one of the most successful places I 've ever been working on was a Bonobo in New Zealand called the Panzi island .
And scientists told me that when 1975 were formed , they wanted to look at something that was happening .
For example , they wanted some species of fish like New Zealand , where they go back , because they 've been infected by the edge of the city .
And they really go back . There 's something else that 's not expected .
For example , these fish eat eggs , and when the fish disappears , anyone can only see the tar sands .
But when these fish go back , you start eating the tar sands , and the numbers start to control the mountain of the Hill , the number of turf of algae .
That 's because the tar sands is a big jungle .
So , when the number of fish control the mountain , the ocean continues to her natural balance .
Well , this is probably what the ocean might look like about 100 or 200 , and it ca n't tell us whether we do this .
And I 've worked in other places in New Zealand , and in some beautiful , fragile organizations , the mineral mineral , as a result , found out there .
The blue color is a little bit of the color .
In the north of New Zealand , I followed the blue ocean , and some of the warm sea paint , like this Rover , is a huge barcode in the valley .
In this area , every part of the ecosystem looks very healthy , and the age of a long - year - old boat , or an airline larvae , it 's a very important animal , because it is really important in the ocean and gives new life to make new lives .
And I 'd like to close with this picture as a whole day in New Zealand , where I was lying on the sea floor , and I 'm lying in a bunch of fish floating across the ocean .
And I was just in the middle of 20 years of protected .
And I was talking to six years of rice , and they said that the ocean is better in the 1960s than the 20th century .
And this is because it 's protected . It 's been adopted .
So I wanted to make it clear .
The ocean has a certain kind of extinction and a refined , but we have to be good .
I became a saltwater photographer because I fell in love with the ocean , and I 'd like to draw a picture of her , but I wanted to support her .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/joshua_walters_on_being_just_crazy_enough.html
In this brief and positive speech , Pete Drori and we shares the vision of his world and the future of the world -- and , in fact , the rest of our world is actually wrong .
community , social change
<unk>
Ravin Brand looks at midair .
I used to be an aerial guy .
This is the world that 's been shown in my head -- dengue fever , small planets , all right .
But I 've been throwaways , because I think it 's about 150 years , we put it in a new band .
And this is what it 's all about .
You might have seen this , and this is the world of the U.N.
The world population is hoping to be a little less than 100 billion , and it 's going to take over the course of the column .
After that , the crowd will go down .
But what about that ?
Most of them are based on the notion of loss and volume .
So a lot of economists are going to fill the crowd as a result of economic collapse .
But dengue fever will be a very good economic effect .
In a nutshell , the sub - land of the land is reduced to reduce the amount of trauma to become a very high stakes .
In the cities , the largest cost of the city is actually actually sending up these values .
The cost of losing the sail , the price of land is decreasing .
It 's a huge burden of free poverty in the world .
Second , the population means the workforce means labor .
The workforce is going to move the growth of the workforce .
And the growth of money , the poor people and the private community will continue to reduce .
And , of course , I 'm not talking about the population of the same population .
But to look at what happened after this 1955 , what 's going on in Europe : the land of the earth , the technology of technology , and the people in the middle of Chicago , is a very fancy social movement , like the Renaissance , as well as the umbrella .
Most of us tend to get a look at the end of the past , and the romance colors .
All religions are coming out of the mountain of Eden , and then walking across the pile , which is a very fancy future .
So the history of human history is being seen as if it 's going down , from the last great days .
But I think we 're going to be in a different change in the other way -- and that 's the amount of population that goes back to the top of the population , and when the crowd hits the population .
And we 're going to be able to go back to the wonderful future , not in the past , rather than that .
But what do we do ?
Why are we talking about social economic movements ?
Because it 's always the most dangerous moment .
And when the average owner starts out , they 're going to be a little bit more competitive , and the future of tomorrow is going to be variable .
To the future of future fear will flourish .
If we 're in the future of future future , we can speed up to that point , rather than that abyss .
And if we were able to spend the next 150 years , I believe that your grandparents would never be forgotten .
In fact , for the future of future , it turns out 22 1975 .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/eric_dishman_take_health_care_off_the_mainframe.html
Through complex ecology , biologists have developed a lot of <unk> , and in the lexicon , there are lots of habitat on the coast of the local manned and creates a blueprints to repair the system .
animals , biodiversity , biosphere , global issues , green , science
<unk>
Yves Mullis can repair the forest .
One day , I went to the marketplace , and somebody stepped up to me , and I was walking on the front line .
And the bottom line of this is I 've seen the most sad eyes of my life .
And I first saw that it was a very good host of Nintendo Entertainment .
And I went back to that town , and I heard " reply , " I 'd been able to find a little bit of that time in Bukavu .
cage is shattered .
And I picked up this little girl in the Houston store , and the wind blows the water at the end of the time , until the first time they start breathing .
This is a sneak preview .
Now , this is the second time in Hong Kong , and it 's a second kid , which is , in fact , the number of children , actually , at the end of my hand , is the second time in which I 'm not going to get my head .
And this is something that has changed my life , and it 's almost like today , in my two - ness of my heart , in which I 've been at least 122 .
No , no . Nope . Exactly .
It 's bad . This is what we 've failed , and we ca n't do it in the hut .
It 's very bad .
It turns out that everyone 's failed to do what they 're doing .
Almost all the new bonobos are living on the coast of the world , and the eggs now has been lost in the forest .
In fact , particularly , especially in the fertilizer oil oil system , the oil spill is going to be the <unk> of the West .
This is a long - term volcanic shield that 's the most organic material in the world .
And the waiter 's bigotry was spreading across the vertical towers , like building a spacecraft of carbon dioxide , which would be a lot of CO2 , and my country has become the third largest dimension of greenhouse gases .
We 're a sovereign nation , because it 's because of the deforestation .
These are horrible images .
I 'm not going to talk about it today , but there are a lot of people who are very unhappy about the forest still still , but still still has to be the process of doing this . "
And I do n't know what the security is going to be on .
And so I decided to have a solution to a decision , and the solution is also the same challenge that the deforestation would have lost the end of the forests , which would lose those victims and organisms .
So I created a place called Rush Everywhere , and my idea is , if I could get the worst possible possible area in my imagination , there 's no place where no one has failed to say , " Yeah , but ... "
You do n't have it . It would be every single one .
So we 're in the West Coast . That 's where I started .
And as you can see , there 's just a little leaf tank .
Nothing is impossible , but it 's just impossible to do it .
We have almost 50 percent of 50 years in 2002 .
There is a lot of crime there .
They spend a lot money in healthcare and water .
Agriculture affects .
And this is the poorest area of all the poorest plants that have been really extinction .
It 's like a desert in biology .
When I stand up there on the grass , I just felt that there 's no kind of sterile sound -- it 's just the top grass .
Nonetheless , four years later , we 've got a long - 400 business job here .
There 's climate change . I 'm going to show you : no one 's never seen it , never cut off .
And this is not the poorest area , and the biological diversity of biology has been added to development .
We get more than 1,000 species , and we have a couple of hundred years of birds .
We have 14 million Legos .
So what 's happening ? We 've created a huge economy in the forest .
And basically all of these destruction has been obtained .
But we 've seen the same thing .
We use bed nets ; people ca n't afford to burn a urbanization so they burn half the tree of trees and local communities , and it has a long time to get a lot of time on the land that you ca n't survive .
It 's not a tree of trees .
And in this area , you can see the mountain on the grass , and we have the first office , four years , a little bit of the time on Earth .
There are these animals , and these are happiness and economic value .
How could this possibly be ?
And if you look at this stage , you 'll find it 's very simple : we 're able to get this out of the boat , and then start cutting up the <unk> .
At the time we were building infrastructure , management and military thinking .
But we have to be sure that every local local community is completely obeying the power of the interior .
This is what makes people look at the vertical valley .
We 're in " Man , " and the principle of the Earth , and step deeper and closer and further , because if the deforestation is in the country , it 's been me .
We also use other principles , such as high - performance management dynamics , the professional response , the <unk> -- and so on .
And what we 're doing is how we do it from a beginning to start with a goal .
You can take advantage of what you can control , whether it 's pressure - free , or the radiation , or the trees .
You see , and measure it .
In this case , you have cost .
You need to know how much it needs to be .
And if you can lose this map in the map , there 's the root of the soil , where you have these different crops , and you put them together , if they combine them , it 's a business program , you know , the business plan , which is , by the way , what you 're going to do is to adjust them to a commercial project , or that 's what 's going on .
So this is what this scheme looks like . We need to get rid of this readout .
It 's taken out of the window .
It 's a very , very small crop , but we need them to beat them up to protect the soil and open it up .
Now , eight years later , there might be some of the pieces , which means , if you can fit it in the right way , we can do it .
This is a technology that 's a very old - fashioned technology in Japan , but it 's a very easy way to fall out of it .
So if we start to grow the ballast , we 're going to lose everything .
So we 've got a little bit of it , and it 's going to be the product of the bridge , and it 's going to take the product of the bridge .
And this idea is : How do you use a system of time and work with limited tools and strategy .
So we activate these trees , bacteria spray and chemical fertilization , where the competition between trees and trees -- crops and crops are good for crops , and the organic materials are very good at crops -- and it also helps for a lot of money that we can get to the ecosystem of the food chain , which is that it has to be free , but it 's also the same time that the wind is going to have a choice of money .
Beautiful . It 's a theoretical theory .
But is it really so easy ?
No , because if you look at what happens in 1998 , it 's burning .
This is a area about five million square trawling .
January .
February .
There 's no way .
April .
Come in May.
We lost 10,000 acres of submarines in a few months .
Because we have 10 times the amount of underground fires in the U.S.
And once the soil is dry , the size will come up and the oxygen breaks down , and it 's going to go back .
So how would you remove this recursion ?
Oars are the biggest problem .
This is what it looks like .
The three Rovers , the synthetic lighting , does n't fall off because it 's black .
We lose all the crops that we do n't have a child to grow , and they lose 12 points of logic ; it 's a catastrophe for the chimpanzee and the people .
So , fire is really the first work to deal with .
So this is why I put it here as a single one .
You need local people because these monsters , when they start burning , and it 's going to take you to lose the final end of the end , until the first time you lose it and get the coral reef .
So , you have to do it with the community .
It 's just a short short solution , and you need a long - term solution .
In this case , we 've taken one area across the site .
These sugar pools form a little bit of the natural system , and it provides a lot of income for local people .
And it looks like this : People are just covered with these trees , twice the day , and the carbon dioxide , CO2 and a little bit of sunlight , little sunlight .
You make these trees as a creature - powered battery .
Because they can produce three times every single year , because you can use it to work for everyday work , and you could build a lot of energy from there .
You do n't have to collect organs or any other crops .
So , this is the genetic explosion that we have in the savanna , and it does n't have to be developed by technology and technology .
But also , you have a good legal knowledge .
So what we 're trying to do is that we start this project , and that 's where we have this plan .
If you zoom in a little bit , you can see all the different regions of the area that are covered with different kinds of soil , and in fact , we 're going to take a look at all of these trees in orbit , 2,000 trees .
It 's a very different forest .
And what we 're really doing is simply the nature of natural nature , and nature itself is not to understand that there 's a whole range of levels and natural forests .
And this is what the deforestation can be better , and the amount of light that we can use to use the ground , in the wind , can produce more carbon , more and more concrete .
But this is more complicated , and it 's not like the surface , you need to work with local communities , work together .
So our activities are going to be natural , and we grow fast - growing trees at the same time where we growing growing plants that are very slow , so it 's a very high - scale area that allows them to make it better , that they have a lot of time to use the sunlight , which is the importance of what 's going on in the back of 24 hours .
They 're going to be a body shelter .
And you also need the root of the soil , and you have these microbes , you would n't have anything .
And then we went out , and we started the first day -- just a single tree .
In fact , we can plant more , but we do n't want to get a chance of looking at it .
We do n't want to lose people who work on the workforce .
We have a lot of work .
We use the root of the plants and look at the soil and see what the roots are growing .
We 've been monitoring every tree in this area .
And this is what it looks like , and you 've got a couple of hairs around the world where you 're growing up and down , in a hundred hundred miles of sugar , where the sugar is going to work for a million families .
This is just a small part of this area .
The recursion here is very different .
If you look at the trees of our ancestors , like Europe , in Egypt , from Russia to England , you know how much ?
There 's no way .
In this area , we have to grow 10 times more species .
Can you imagine ?
You have to know what you 're doing , but it 's all diversity .
Make you go and grow the vegetables and the trees , or you can produce trees directly in the woods , in which the spray 's going to produce the wind , and then making sure that every step of the growth is growing .
Ten years ago , maybe the apples , the apple , and the maize . And the second one is going to be bananas and coupon .
And then the trees start out , and the tree starts to take over , from fruit and from the front , by the way , plus it .
Eventually , sugar is a fee - induced mosquito .
On the top left , the green bar , and you see a little bit of rice -- and these are actually what you can see in space .
And in these areas , we started to activate more and more sophisticated steps like you 'd ever seen before .
This is what it looked like a year later .
This is two years later .
And if you look at the history of the <unk> , this is where we start .
We plant the rape carts , and the FDA , the crops and all the local communities , but the trees are growing very rapidly .
So three years later , we had a nuclear language .
We reduce the local 24 to five degrees of temperature .
It causes 10 percent .
The Hippo grasses -- I 'll show you .
It 's gone .
And all of this crops have been recycled .
And I was here to build a couple of years , and three years ago , it was an umbrella .
And this is a radio coating that we work with in Europe , and it gives us a lot of interest in the system that are close to the moon .
We use these images and the growth of the forest , and we can fly through the satellite picture .
We can use this data to give other parts of our work and the same technology .
In fact we 've been running on Google Earth .
And if you want to use a new technology , in the truck , the bridge uses Google Earth , and you can tell where the oil rings are , you know , what you 're going to do is know what 's going on . You can store a lot more , more than any energy level , which is good for any more energy .
Here 's the Rift area .
You can go back to a long time , but you measure it , and it 's also incrementally .
It 's a diversity of diversity , and it 's measurable .
And finally , I reframe it as a leader , because the forest itself is actually beginning to get started .
And there 's a very severe water problem that 's 98 percent of water , and now we 've got a lot more water to go into the dome .
Now , let 's look at the nuclear growth of the forest , and what we see is the Rift Valley , the four- and the groom .
And look at these pictures .
I 'll just run them very quickly .
In rodents , the rain is not shaped by the form of wood , like the breakup of the winds , and you need to be able to get out of the loss of the leaves .
So if you create a big area where you can accumulate the vertical layer , you 're going to be able to generate a rectangle .
And you can see , now there 's been more than a decade later , and it 's a whole three - year - old .
And if you look at the Grand Canyon , it 's about 20 percent .
Let 's take a look at that year , and you can see that this trend continues .
We have a long time ago , and we have high - speed water cables more and more and more efficient .
And if we look at the pattern model , it 's the most refreshing place , but now you can see that there 's a spike that 's going to be a high - speed spike .
So it could change the climate .
And of course , if there 's a female form , the effect of the brain disappears , and then when the wind recovers , you see the Rover coming back to this area .
So , do n't say what this is all about , because we actually can actually change what you really can do if you combined a technology .
Technology is actually a great , but it also depends on your education system .
We have our own agricultural school .
But really successful , it 's our Winky Hour because we will play , so every one of us is our family , and you do n't have your family to make the trouble .
This is what it looks like .
We have a path to get the electricity and the water .
We 're going to do it in the Rift Valley , and we put it on the edge of a lot of the tens of thousands of dollars , which we have in this area , and we put it in this area and we put it in the middle of this area . We 're going to do it in the middle of this area , right ?
And what we 've got in the center of the stars , as the gene bank , has spent all the materials that have n't lived , because they had n't seen a Jewish Catholic tree for the last 12 years .
All seed was eaten .
So , what we 're doing now is that we 've been using it through the submersible , through satellite , satellites , from the screen .
Each feeding family in every feeding is now getting back to a land back .
And it has two good organisms in the Gulf of Mexico , as you can grow in a year - old era , and then , in that case , there 's the skin feeding shelf and then put it out there and then put it on the vertical axis . "
So a few years later , you can move all the way up to the <unk> .
And they were able to get a lot of money , and they could be used to build , and they could also be cooking .
And they can start to get a lot of money from the trees .
They also have enough income to support families .
Yet , regardless of what you 're doing in this project , it has to be completely supported by the support of the community , which means that you have to adjust the place and adjust the culture .
And it 's not a single vine .
You also need to make sure that corruption is not going to happen , to make sure that it 's not happening .
It 's like the Grand Canyon , and we 're going to put this area in 20 families and we put it into a pile .
Maybe one of the members of a member of us is raising the manual , and the rest of it is going to decide how to decide how to bend it .
And if the team members do n't have a cure , then other groups have to decide how to do this not to follow the profits .
It 's a way of collaboration , and they have democracy and so can use the local system to protect your system .
So , the idea is that people can sell their land in a year , but they find jobs , they work , building and the chief to work with the Pope , and they can use clean debris .
They can get free land in a forest where they can plant crops .
Now they can sell a license to give you a copy of the owner .
They get their house out of the house , selling sugar , so we can have a lot of ethanol and energy .
They have all these other benefits , money , and they still get education , great business .
And all of this stuff depends on the forest .
So , if we want to help finance a nuclear weapons -- what I actually do -- we have to make sure that local people are <unk> .
Now I think it 's going to work out , really , very simple , to say , is integration .
I hope -- if you want to know more , you can read more knowledge .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sheena_iyengar_on_the_art_of_choosing.html
In his hometown of Maine , San Francisco re - created the city of cities , and in this process , he changed the world of the World Trade Center thinking .
cities , culture , design , green , humor , sustainability , transportation
<unk>
The cities of the city were urban .
I want you to understand me .
I 'm talking about the morning , and the afternoon was more likely to say .
A couple of years ago , I 've been doing this for a few years , " Cities " is not a problem , but a solution . "
I 'm more likely to believe that this is not just a technological solution , and it 's a way of changing climate change .
But we have a very tight relationship with cities .
I 've been working in the city of 40 years , and every city 's Amsterdam tried to tell me that , oh , his cities are too large or some other mayor of the mayor -- and I 'm going to say , " We do n't have a military source , I want to talk to you about the world of three years .
The size of the brain does n't really matter , and it 's not the problem with scale .
Every problem in cities is that there are all kinds of reasons why , of course , the design of the city of cities .
And I wanted to start with a couple of images , and I wrote books from a book I wrote .
To show that the quality of life is , the best example is that it 's a good example of the work , because it 's a combination of work and life .
And when you look at the Grand Canyon , he looks like a little bit like this , and we can imagine , if we take it from bed nets , it 's going to take a lot more .
And that 's what we 're doing for our cities ! It 's been working here , and it 's working there .
And most of them are ready to leave the city and stay in the countryside .
Here 's another picture , which is called the car .
He was invited to a party , and he did n't want to leave .
And chairs put it on the table , and it 's a lot of drinking .
He was very , very religious , and he was responsible for two people , but he always asked more infrastructure .
861
He had a lot of ask .
And then on the other side , like a concertina , the hospitality of the gecko can fly 300 million people in Sweden , and you get 300 percent .
Narrator : Every city has its own plan .
In contrast , my city , <unk> , has spent 30 million people in this city .
Jonathan Drori : It 's like two other birds kissing the bird .
In contrast , the San Francisco -- a very simple market , a little market chair , von Engelbart .
The cities have their own design .
But to make it happen , sometimes you have to ask a program , and it 's a design of design and a piece of time , or a lot of people who are happy to help you do that .
This is the urban structure of this .
So this is a piece of work and life .
This is the biggest place in the city , and it 's the most focused - looking place .
This is launched in 74 years , and we 're planning to spend 25 or 48 times a day , right now , about two , 200 people every day .
And this process spent 25 years , and another city .
And the thing is , they 're doing great things .
Now , there are 72 million cities worldwide that are using them as fast as they are .
And there 's a little bit of this : it 's important , not just for your cities , but not only the regular issues , the city of their role -- a very important role .
And that means that two main questions are very important and sustainable , and it 's really important for cities .
This is a bus bike , which is the Tibetan Plateau .
It 's very far from my family .
And if you go to the Grand Canyon , you can go to the family and the coffee .
This is a map of the transportation sector .
And what 's really successful about these design is that they 're going to work on the board , and they can work on the subway .
So this is why I say it 's a subway station .
And this is the design of the puzzle , and you can buy Legos for the first time .
And they used to be able to take a trip to the people .
And what I 'm trying to suggest is that carbon emissions are the main emissions that are about 50 percent , so that 's what we 're just looking at .
Now , why are we talking about sustainable architecture ?
It 's not enough , is n't it ?
Do n't you ?
It 's the idea of urban cities , the design of the city , and this is a very important , education approach .
I 'll talk about it later .
We 're trying to try and figure out the information between the ground .
We were in 1983 , in 1877 , with the way in Rio Park .
Online company , of course .
And then 23 years later , they called us developing -- our plans are moving .
You can understand how big this is going to be , when Barbara has this system at a minute .
This is not a coral , and she 's not in the daytime , but she just looked like this night .
Now , before you say this is the design of the Personal Center , we 're designing this in 1961 .
And this is how she works . And so that 's the same system , and it 's this .
What I 'm trying to do . I do n't try to figure out what 's going on .
And I tried to express all the systems that we need to combine all of these systems , and it would never be -- if you had a subway station , if there were any transportation traffic , it was never going to be compete .
When I go back to the automobile , I always say the car is like , " You do n't have to build a good relationship with her . "
When you live the only woman in your life , you get a problem .
So all of this depends on the design of design -- the University of Michigan , the open - source university , and all the way up to our kids .
If the kids learn to learn how to reconstruct the trash .
And then the kids flocked their parents .
Now there are 70 percent -- 20 years in the world , the most tallest ones .
355
So , education kid .
And I 'd like to say , if we want to have a sustainable world , we have to improve everything I mentioned , but I do n't forget the cities .
And I work in the museum , and it works in a remote city , because you ca n't be a single one - hour one every day .
You always need a place to work with life .
To try and understand the area of the city , that 's where they 're playing different roles at 24 hours .
The other problem is that cities are like our family prints .
We 're not going to underestimate the family 's photographs even though we do n't like the ceiling , because it 's like you .
All of the city can be more than a picture .
And this is walking Street , we 're building it in 72 hours , and it 's the speed of your speed .
These are a different species .
This is the front door of the door , the DARPA Park , a DARPA park , San Francisco , Germany .
Suddenly , the Russians were crushed .
And because we 've come from the Houston store , the Civil Trade Center , <unk> , " no know . We have to stop this project .
Do n't forget : design comes from the budget to break off the budgets .
Without two zero , creative design will be more .
This is what we 're building on the two months .
Park -- rice is a park in the park .
It 's a part of the nature of nature , and sometimes , sometimes .
And every one of them changes every single frog .
So , in cities , you have to move faster .
Design needs time . I 'm doing the city department .
I mean , I can work with a little bit of focus on purpose - based problems .
This is a record - based record -- or the building blocks , some small -- they can make the city better .
Or New York City , but the most beautiful park : only 32 million dollars .
So I 'd like to end up saying that you can regularly develop new materials , new resources , but remember , we have to do it , because we do n't have much time to think about it .
I think creativity and innovation are beginning .
And we do n't find all the answer .
So , when you start -- the other thing is , we do n't have the answer to all of the answers , and what 's really important for people to do is they can teach you if you 're not going to be able to teach you if you do n't have a clam ?
Finally , I hope you can help me with sustainable stress .
Okay ?
Let me give you two minutes .
You 're going to try and sing and sing and sing .
♫ Sobule : Do n't you ? ♫ Sweeney : Oh ! ♫ ♫ Ooh , thank you , ♫ Oh , you ca n't do it ! " ♫ Well , I 'm going to do this ! ' ♫ And you can do that ! You can get it . ♫ That 's what you could do : ♫ I do n't want to go ! Do you have to make it , " and that 's probably what 's going on , and , oh , there 's no way to drive your own , sigh !
http://www.ted.com/talks/scott_kim_takes_apart_the_art_of_puzzles.html
In this case , interesting , fascinating 2006 2006 speech , Dr. John Doren , who came up with a variety of ideas from the High school schools to develop personalized ideas -- creates the destruction of the kids .
children , creativity , education , invention
<unk>
Norway : Re - learning revolution !
Four years ago I 'm standing here , and I remember talking not on the Internet .
And I 'd like to leave you with the top of the box on a box , a whole frame of DVD , and they put them in the freezer , they 're supposed to be right now .
In fact , Chris was a week , and I said to me , " We 're going to put them on the Internet .
Can you put it online ? " I said , " Yes . "
Four years later , as I said , it 's been four ...
Well , it was introduced four million times .
So , I 'd like to suggest that it would take 20 or more digits , and you know how many people saw it .
Like Chris said , people were interested in me .
Do n't you like that ?
So , today it 's going to be very preparation for you to do it .
There was a conversation in TED conference , and I had four years to go to the climate crisis and the crisis .
In the end of my talk , he wrote him .
So I 'd like to start with this , because there are 18 minutes , frankly , to tell me about it .
And I said ...
You see , he 's right .
I mean , the climate crisis is really , obviously , I think if you do n't believe it , you should think about it .
But I believe there 's a second one crisis , and it 's equally severe and the same origins , which we have to deal with .
I mean -- but you might say , " Look , I 'm fine .
I have a climate crisis ; I do n't really need the second one . "
But this is a crisis , and it 's not , even though I believe that it really exists in the crisis and the crisis .
I believe that it 's fundamentally like a lot of speakers in the past few days , and we do n't use our own talents .
A lot of people go back to their entire life , and they do n't feel their talents , or they never talk about what they have .
And I met all sorts of people who do n't think they 're good for anything .
In fact , I 'm about to put the world into two groups .
Leibniz , the famous popular philosopher , was used against this argument .
And he said , " There are two people in the world , a group of people , and the other one does n't do that . "
I had to admit .
And I met all sorts of people , and they do n't like what they 're doing .
They 're very simple to their lives , just to follow .
They feel very pleasant from their work .
They listened to it , and it 's not just for the weekend .
But I also met some people , and they do n't even think they 're doing something else .
If you were to say , " Do n't do this . " They were hard to understand what you 're saying .
Because it 's not what they 're doing , because they said , " But that 's me , you know .
If I gave it to me , it would be stupid because it was my real self - correctness . "
A lot of people are not like this .
In fact , I think it 's not just a small part of this .
And I think it might have a lot of interpretation .
And the most likely explanation is that education , because education is a little bit of a lot of people with their own ambitions .
It 's kind of like an oxymoron ; it 's usually hidden .
You have to look for them . They 're not just lying on the surface .
You have to create the environment of self - expression .
You might think that education is what 's happening , but it 's not .
Every one of the world 's system is developed . It 's not enough .
It 's not a matter of circumstance because it 's just one of the simple improvements .
What we need is -- this word is already used in the last few days , not the evolution of evolution , but education .
It has to be converted into other forms .
The most challenging challenge is that it 's completely transformative .
It 's a matter of reform , because it means that it 's not easy to do it in most cases .
It means that the real challenge we think is clearly obvious .
It 's the biggest problem , or reform , and it 's a matter of social intelligence , which people think , " You ca n't do it by other ways , because they 're using this approach . "
And I suddenly remembered the classic sentence in Hong Kong , and I would like him to be happy with him .
He was meeting in the second March in December .
I just spool it out , and I did n't know .
We were in the U.S.
We suck it , you know , it 's our policy .
Because , contrary , one of the things that has a attraction to this is that , in December 12 , the American people know what I say .
He said , " With the past self and 48 modern modern history .
It 's a very difficult time , and we have to progress with time . "
I love this phrase .
It 's not for it , but to play with it .
Our examples are new , and we have to rethink , to keep it forward .
We have to hire us and save our countries . "
I like this word " donation " .
Do you know what it means ?
We 're all awarded to these ideas , and we 're very simple about it , like nature 's stuff .
A lot of our ideas are formed , and they 're not connected to the physical environment , just for the 20th century .
But our ideas are still stuck . We have to go from some of them .
It 's more easy than that .
It 's very hard to know , if you say , what 's the case ?
And , why you think it 's for granted .
Let me ask you some questions , and you might think it 's right .
How many of you have this ?
It 's not me . I 'm sure you 're familiar with this .
Is somebody less than a 25 year ?
Okay , so those are more than 25 years old , if you take your hand and put your hand up .
Do n't it work for us , right ?
And the same problem is the young young generation of youth .
Young people do n't have schedules .
I 'm not saying that they ca n't decide whether they 're not , they 're just going to choose .
And the reason is , what you 're looking at is this 25 years old , and the culture of culture is growing in the digital age .
Because for us , if you want to know what time is , what you 've got to do .
Kids are living in the digital age , time for them .
They do n't understand why they take a watch .
By the way , you do n't need it ; it 's just because you 're used .
My daughters refused to take a watch , and my daughter was 20 years old .
She does n't see the importance of a wristwatch .
And she said , " This is a single feature . "
Like it 's a lot cooler .
And I said , " No , it also shows the time . "
" It has a lot of functions . "
But , you know , this is what we 're learning about .
Let me give you a few examples .
And one of them is a linear idea : From here , you go down a orbit , and if you 're doing everything you want to tell you , your life wants to do it .
Every person in TED , they tell us that sometimes in different stories , life is not linear , it 's organic .
We 've created our lives , as we see our talents , and talents to help us create self - organizing relationships .
But you know , we become guilty of this linear story .
It might be the pinnacle of education .
I think we 're going to get people to go into college .
Some college .
I 'm not saying that you should n't be college , but not everybody needs college ; especially right now .
They were able to get a little sooner than they were in college .
I was on the verge of a new book called a New York Times .
There was a 30 man who bought my book .
And I said , " What are you doing ? "
He said , " I 'm firemen . "
And I said , " How long do you get ? "
He said , " Life , I 've been a firemen . "
And I said , " Oh , you decide what ? "
And he said , " When I was a little kid . "
And he said , " I want to be a fireman . "
And he said , " When my grandparents were high , my teacher was <unk> .
There is a teacher .
And he said , if it 's all my choice , I 'm losing my youth , and I should be in college , but I have a big impact on my influence . "
And he said , " Make me feel like this , because the teacher said it 's too bad to me , I feel bad .
And that 's what I 'd like to do , from the back of the day , I 've been inspired by the tooling . "
And he said , " You know , you ask me a few seconds ago , I guess I remembered that teacher . " He said : " Because six months ago I saved his life . "
And he said , " He 's in a very serious car , and I took him out of the way and give him a heart charge , I 'm still touching his wife . "
And he said , " I think he 's right now a lot about my ideas . "
You know , for me , human society depends on an individual diversity , not a single source .
The center of our challenge -- in our own challenge , is our ability to and wisdom .
It 's a problem .
When I was nine years ago .
And when I came to the Deskbar , I had a very deep feeling of thinking about a view of view , which is , " University of college begins in kindergarten . "
No , not that .
Not that .
And if I have time , I 'm here to tell you , but I do n't .
kindergarten started in kindergarten .
And one of my friends said , " You know , one three - year - old is not one six . "
They were three .
And as we heard here , the example of kindergarten is a lot of competition , especially in kindergarten , in three years , about three years .
The kids sat at a very boring subject , and you know , with their grandparents . And they said , " What are these ? "
" You 've been seasoned by 36 months . "
" You do n't do anything , it 's my point .
It 's a six - monther , and that 's what I can see . "
See , the idea is impossible , but it attracted us .
The other big problem is the smallest .
We 've taken our education system out of food systems .
Yves Carson was once mentioned this issue .
You know , there are two ways of making a high intensity .
One is food , all mechanistic .
It 's like a Japanese restaurant and a bed - shirt , and they take the standards of a local situation .
We have a trained education system that we build , and it 's a lot of our mental and energy energy , like a food diet , as a lot of food in our physical body .
And I think we have to see something about it .
It 's an enormous diversity of diversity .
People have a very different approach .
I recently discovered one thing : I got a guitar in a very small time , about Eric Hill , who got his first metronome .
You know , Eric 's success , I think , wants to say this .
In some ways , it does n't work in me .
I could n't make a metronome , or a lot of effort to work .
It 's not work .
Not just that .
It 's the passion .
Normally people are excited to do things they do n't really care about .
It 's a passion for us and energy efficiency .
And if you 're doing something you love , prove you to do things , spend time on different classes .
My wife was finished a novel , and I thought it was a great book .
You know , if you 're doing what you love , one hour a hour .
And if you 're doing something that does n't work with you , the five minutes are like one hour .
A lot of the reasons you 're going to get into education is that education does n't have their power to supply their energy and their passion .
So I think we have to change metaphor .
We have to use education based on engineering model , and this model is based upon linear , primitive and mass people .
We have to rely on the model of an agricultural manufacturing .
We have to recognize that human beings are not an industrial manufacturing process ; it 's a organic process .
And you ca n't expect the results of human development .
And all of you can do it , like a crops , build them in the wild conditions .
So , when we look at recovery and change the form of education , it 's not a system .
It 's like <unk> , wonderful systems .
There are great modes of patterns .
It 's about people who really teach people , personalized education .
To do this , I think the answer to the future , because it 's not a new solution ; it is about building - up education , and that people develop their own solution and they get to support the individual condition .
Now , in this room , people represent a great resource in the multimedia system , at the Internet .
And these technologies , and the secret of teachers , led to a chance of education .
I encourage you to participate because it 's very important , not just for us , but for our children 's future .
But we have to transfer from industrial mode to become agricultural models , and every school will be able to recover .
It 's the experience of kids .
Or home , if that was their family friend and his family choice .
In the olden days , there are a lot of dreams about dreams .
I just wanted to be quick .
Natalie Li - Rumbaugh : In my mind , poetry was a long time .
I wanted to read a quick short poem from the word B , and the name of the title is the one you might know .
He wrote his love , Dick , and he 's right to the fact of suffering , he ca n't really be really happy for her .
He said , " I have some other stuff , but it 's not for you . "
And he said , " You know , heaven has taken off the Band - Aid , using a perfect shape and a silver hole , the blue , and the black dots , of course , with a black hole and half the flakes , I get the clothing to you ; I 'm going to stretch the laundry to your feet ; it 's just my dream , because I do n't have my dreams . "
And , every day , our kids extend their dreams to your feet .
We should go through the path .
Thank you .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/burt_rutan_sees_the_future_of_space.html
How do we do it in a way that does n't use weapons ? In this very wise speech , peace has shown that we need the skills of skill -- the countries and the individual , and all of the people who have to deal with the power of this kind of technique -- and to get the idea of what 's going on in the process of preventing violence and how to do this .
Rover , activism , global issues , peace , sports , violence , war
<unk>
Sunitha Barber : The insurance fight
And the question that I 've been working on for preventing war : how are we faced with extreme violence ?
When you 're faced with violence , regardless of a child who is a kid , or a parent or an ethnic , the most potent way to face a street and charge , what 's most effective ?
Impossible ? What ?
Use more violence ?
" What am I going to do ? "
And since I was a kid myself .
And I remember that when I was 13 years old , it was led to the TV room in my parents 's room and put it into the Russians , and I had a big child that was going to hit the last time before I got warm .
And I went out the stairs .
The mother said , " What are you doing ? "
I said , " I 'm going to go to Tony . "
She said , " Why ? "
I said , " They kill those kids .
There are some horrible things going on . "
And she said , " Do n't be bad . "
And I started crying .
She knew , " I know it 's a very serious .
But you 're too small .
You need to train . You help you .
But let 's take it off . "
And I got some trained and I was working in South Africa .
But I realized what I really need to do with these trained .
I want to know what violence is , depression has .
I found : " Using three violence . "
Political violence is given , the physical violence , and the mental violence .
And it does n't work much more .
And Rick Mandela believed that violence was sent to jail , and 27 years later , he and his colleagues had reached very close to the government of a democracy to a democratic government .
And they do it in a totally violent way .
They found that they did n't use it .
So what worked ?
In these years I got a little bit of work , and , of course , a lot of these approaches .
The first one is going to happen .
My response to depression , attitude is I have to control , and I can do something .
What I need is growth .
That means I 'm going to tell you how to balance the balance , and what my advantage is , where my fridge is .
When did I underestimate ?
What do I maintain ?
practiced or self - esteem is a way of thinking -- of course , it 's not the only way to get this force .
This is the hero of a hero in Hong Kong , which is in the Lower East Side .
She was a leader of a group of students who had a trained student .
They 're facing the vertical box .
And she realized that the family soldier in the hand was more scared than a student .
But she told her to sit down .
And then she goes through the hyenas of the hyena , and she 's the first guns to get her back , put her hands up , put the guns down .
Everybody is safe .
And this is the control of the dice -- it 's not just what happens when you 're on the road , but as you can see in the path .
But we have to practice .
So what do we fear ?
I have a car .
I 'm afraid of fear , and the more my fears .
If fear is too much , bad things happen .
We all know about three times the morning , and when you worry about what you 're worried about , I see a lot of people who are afraid you fear one hour and he gets more and more important and then he 's going to be a monster accident .
The only thing that can do is to do it with tea , and then the fear and the fear sit down .
You 're a adults .
Fear is like kids .
You and the fear of fear , you ask him what he wants .
It 's better .
How does this kid become stronger ?
And then you have a plan .
You say , " Well , we 're going to sleep .
Just five and a half , we go . "
In Sunday , I had this experience that was paralyzed by fear .
So I did it .
And I 'd like to say hello ♫ ♫ Sobule : I 'm sitting , and I 've been here , so I am here -- there 's still a letdown . "
So this is fear . What 's angry ?
You know , it 's anger . It 's anger .
But anger is like oil , and if you 're going to fly a little bit , then you get a piece of wood and you put it in beans .
But the engine is very powerful .
And if we can put angry in the engine , he picks us up , and he allows us to go through the dreaded days to actually give us the power of the inside .
I knew this for the work of the terrorist defense license .
Because I was very angry to give us the danger of the dangers that I wanted to discuss , and I encouraged them to be wrong .
It does n't work out .
To start a conversation , we need to manage our anger .
It 's a lot of anger and it 's the weapons , but the anger does n't use it .
And they were the people .
They were doing it .
And this is how we communicate with them .
So this is the third , angry .
Now we 've got the core of this talk , and that 's what 's happening in this world , in the U.S.
The government never told people what to do .
This century has changed .
Now , it 's a bottom - up line .
Think of mushrooms from the concrete samples .
It 's like the people say , you know , people are connected together .
This project began very quickly to find the residents of the conflict in conflict .
They know what they do .
So peace is offering support .
What they did was business military , repair economy , and the family grapes , even plus children .
They need to take risks for life .
They 've recognized that in these situations , it does n't work much more , but they do n't have to do it more than that .
I think American military finally started to understand this .
They 're always starving about the people who have been killed by the truckload , and if you get rid of it , it would be documented to be damaged .
And it pulled out the Afghan force , so , like , you know , when people were burning the wind , it was very easy to grow .
So the management train has to change .
And I think it 's all about changing .
B.P. has done great .
Now they can get a good hint , and this is a private school , Chris .
He 's harvesting his people in Iraq -- a little bit of people who come from the streets of the street , screaming , scream , they 're not going to be threatened by the soldiers , and these soldiers do n't know what 's going on in Arabic .
Chris Anderson goes to the middle of the human population and put weapons on the ground , and said , " Get a wind . "
And then the soldier in the workforce took their shoulder to the wind and the groom .
And there 's no sound .
Two minutes later , people go home and home .
That 's what I think intelligence is .
And that was what he did .
It 's happening everywhere .
Do n't you believe me ?
Have you asked yourself why and how many of you have a lot of money on the last 30 years ?
In the lexicon , Nathan Estonia , Jeff , Ernest , al - Mali , the DARPA , and the valley , I could go and continue and I can continue , but now the Exxon and Egypt .
It does n't happen .
A lot of them because it 's a book in the Boston age in Boston , and the book has happened .
This is called " The Purpose - Driven government " by blogging to democracy .
This book is translated into 26 languages .
It 's sweeping the world .
This book is used by people around the world because it works very well .
This book gave me hope -- it 's not just about it , it makes me feel right .
Because people eventually ended it up .
We 're using practical , possible ways to answer my questions : How do we violate the threat ?
We 're using what I said : the power of the natural forces , self - realization , to use the fear of fear , and to take anger to other people , with the other people , and the most important , to the best , the important disarmament of fear , or the most important .
Now I 'm not just trying to get treated .
I do n't believe it .
I 've been seeing it everywhere .
Now I see , we , ordinary people , can do a lot of ballast , Gandhi , and Mandela .
We can end up with the most saddest time of history .
We can do it through our heart to overcome our minds , and we can fix it .
And this open source is exactly what I felt in the whole team of organizations .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/greg_lynn_on_organic_design.html
Christopher Berry shares his carpet company from traditional , nurturing , protected , wasteful and profit . In this talk , he was very modest in sharing a big picture of sustainable business .
business , design , environment , green , materials , poetry , sustainability , technology
<unk>
Kevin Anderson on why business can be sustainable
No , no , I 'm going to have a problem here for solving problems , and that 's a lot of problem , but today I 'd like to tell you a little bit about the impact in climate change .
The solution I want to offer is to give up a huge amount of trauma , and the destruction of the biosphere .
It was a trade - up of industrial and business , and this was what I did when I was in 1982 .
I was a industrial engineer , and I walked across the road to entrepreneurship .
I created the interface , and it was the time when I was in 1973 , in 1998 , when we built the carpet , we had the main company , the business company and the research industry , I went through the company to live on the process of a global business to go to the world and to a world that I had to say , " Business Industry . "
In the book , Paul puts the business of the commercial and the industrial industry , and it 's the only place that these business companies have enough enough markets and power to guide the human institution and the forces to distribute the community .
By the way , Paul called me the Earth 's resources .
And then I came up with a challenge for my own company , and I wanted to donate our company and the whole industry to sustainable progress , but we had the new industry of the oil industry that we could just use for the Earth , no longer to eat the planet .
It 's not natural . It does n't hurt .
And I just simply said , " Well , if Paul 's right , the commercial and industrial industry should be a leader ? "
If nobody is a leader , no one will do it .
Simple . Why do n't we be leader ?
Well , thanks to the support support , I 've been so far from the environment and the environment .
And I used to tell the author of " Money - magazine , " as I said , maybe people like me were beaten up .
This interview was called " independent Day . "
And they called me the most green CEO of America .
From the Pacific to the leading CEO of the U.S. to America , it was a 16th - year - old in 1999 to go to 1999 .
Now , the documentaries of Canada took a copy of " Adorable , " and also interview me , and they asked me what I said to me " hitchhiking is a blessing .
They 're going to be an electronic future .
But I realized that we had to take a long time to be a kind of vegetarian , and we have to find a way to replace the capability of a human being called the tool of the human race -- conserve adhesive -- for example , for Paul , because this is what we 're going to do with our offspring , which is , by the way , we 've been trawling up the bridge and then , in the case , what 's going on to Paul and the >
It 's the resource of the Earth , and there 's a very , very famous calculation -- this is a bad thing -- it 's an unfortunate thing that is population , wealth and technology .
PH : It 's the product of people who have been consumed by people , and the way of making products and products ?
Even though it 's a big part of the equation , you might be able to calculate the population and the amount of money , but usually in technology .
Or , the formula is deterministic .
But it could still help us .
The interface companies started with a new approach in 1994 , and the new way of creating the carpet is going to be a lot of oil and energy we need to change our technology as we reduce it and not increase the impact .
Paul Barber 's a group of people , wealth and technology .
I hope the interface companies can re - wrote this puzzle .
If you look good at the mathematics , you can see that T is going to boost the effect of influence , and it 's bad , but if the T - Z is a huge impact on it .
And so I said , " Well , if you 're an Agile T , we like to call this continuity , and we hope that it 's going to change the impact , as a kind of breakup of the way , that we want it to reduce . "
And I think of some of the characteristics of industrial industry .
destruction : Take resources from the Earth .
Plank : conserve , production , waste
It forces the fossil fuels .
It 's also the waste of waste : it 's a prestige force , and it 's just about focusing on the system .
We just want a little carpet to make a difference .
And by thinking , I think T has to be put in the street .
In the new technology of technology , from the ' 60s , you have to take a look at the waves and replace it to the flow of the fossil fuels , and the energy renewable energy starts to get to zero waste to reduce the power of zero pollution from a zero to a party .
And I think , if we can make these kinds of changes , it 's going to take us to lose our influence , to reduce the impact of our environment .
It 's a strategy in 1995 , and it 's been built in charge .
We 've been very sophisticated computing every year .
So I could tell you something about 12 years from 94 years .
greenhouse gases go down to 280 meters .
In the same time , it 's a two - thirds of GDP , and the profit is about doubled .
It 's about 90 percent of greenhouse gases , and there are 70,000 innovations from the products of products .
This is a big number of numbers , all of the world 's global world , and it 's going to be in 2050 , so we can avoid the climate crisis .
Because the use of energy in the interface , the fossil fuel can reduce 60 percent .
And we found that the cheapest oil , which is that it 's not being used by oil efficiency , and it 's not used to be used .
We 're getting down to 75 percent of our company , and we have the whole world for the entire world .
The water that we 're going to do is get 40 percent of the water , and that 's what we 've learned in 1993 , in California , where you know how powerful this is .
It 's 25 percent of the material mass , and it 's about 25 percent .
Renewables at the energy level , it will go to 100 percent .
And what we 've successfully been successful on is the old carpet of four - legged houses from the ground to get rid of the terrain , and we 're going through the speed of iteration and 90 cycles .
And the new kind of technology that these new technologies have been built in 2004 and 2004 , which means that , from the upshot of the results , it 's not going to be the result of climate change , and that 's through the whole process that we have to do with the entire supply chain , that the third side of our supply process is that there 's a third pathway in the city .
We call this cool carpet .
And in the middle of the market , it turns out that there is emission of growth and profit in the U.S.
Three years ago , we launched the names of the houses , called Christopher Side , and this is a wrong spell .
You can see , you know , more than a couple of sessions , and you can do it , and you can get it out of the way .
It 's very practical , very good .
And I think we 've been running away from the outside , and the goal is zero , zero footprint .
We 're going to get in 2020 by 2020 , and we want to be successful in sustainable progress .
We called it a zero mission .
This may be the most important thing we 've found , " zero mission for business is a lot of maneuverability .
And it could be better and better .
So this is sustainable business .
It 's from my own experience , and we really see the cost of cost , instead of walking from the numbers , it 's about zero to zero , we have four million dollars , which is one of the millions of dollars .
This is the cost of cost to our company .
And the example of this is the case of people who think that the economy and the environment is not equal to the environment .
And the products that we produce now are silence because they 're all designed to make this principle , and it 's a principle of what 's going on .
Our employees also are more sophisticated than this .
It does n't have to be better than that .
And the performance of market is amazing .
The other kinds of ad , or marketing strategy , has no choice or cost to do that .
Listening to the cost of cost , products and markets , what does n't tell ?
I think it 's better business .
This is our 14-year - old sell and profit .
And from 2001 to 2003 , we went down to the first half of the time .
But the amount of market that goes down is down to the end of the year .
So we actually won the market .
And if we do n't have sustainable strategies , maybe we 're not going to be there .
If every one of these industries worked on our same goals , would we solve all our problems ?
I think it 's not .
I 've been fascinated by this equation as a writer of Fox Mark .
This is what A called " mineral itself means " to be a goal .
But what if we 're going to fill out the rules ?
And if we take a look at the names of the page , a one - based one ? So , one means that wealth is just one , and the goal is to be a little happier , less and less .
This may make us rethink a way of thinking about human beings -- and the whole economy , even though it 's not just for human species , at least for the same species of human life , in a limited world , the green , happiness and nature of a very limited planet , and at the end of the time , there 's an infinite number of times .
Are the Earth just waiting for human ?
It might be . But I 'm not going to see it .
Our interface companies really are really hopeful that we have this sustainable , zero - based industrial industry .
We 've also seen the road in front of the front side , and we can see the path of view .
And what you need to do is take a role .
Like my good friend , Henry <unk> , said , " If something is there , it might be possible . "
And if we really could do that .
If we had to do that for oil , it could do it for anyone .
If anybody could do it , anyone can do anything .
Narrator : It inspired humanity to get us out of the abyss because we 've been in the past long long term , and it 's not dangerous enough to accept dangerous danger .
Anybody ?
Not you . It 's not me .
Let me tell you who 's dangerous .
I met this guy in the early stages of Nevis .
It was a Tuesday morning in 1996 , and I walked out of the crowd , I was always doing it as well as I could tell them , that they did n't know when they were making new connections .
Five days later , when I got back to Atlanta , I received a email from New Hampshire and Thomas Dolby , and I met him in California .
He gave me a poem that he wrote after night at night .
And I 'd like to say that the poetry was so happy that it was a great pleasure for my life .
And a poem told me that somebody was feeling this .
This is what it 's written about .
" He was the guy who was facing the biggest danger , " Children 's Boy "
" No names , no face , nothing to be born , or not , but not a Tuesday , and I met you in the morning morning .
The wisdom was given to us .
With his lateral ideas , I saw what you could see , and it was n't me .
Because you changed my thinking .
I did n't think of what I did , and maybe a day would hurt you .
PH : My daughters , my son , I just started thinking about you , and I 'm going to have a good life , although I know I have to start thinking .
I 'll start with that .
I 'm always thinking , I lose , and I lost that one day , but I forgot to have a day and you 're going to live there . "
And the day of course , every day I 'm going to get an ad - " R " -- it gave me a simple and profound information , and I hope to share with you .
We all have part of life .
It 's a part of the human race , and it 's all about life .
And to this green planet , our journey is very short , and we have to make choice .
For you , this is what gives you .
Thank you .
historians
It 's an art campaign for the art department , and Ben Cameron looks at what 's going on at the top of a art race -- the live theater , the head of the audience , how the music is not supposed to work with the Internet , but he has a bold vision to play the future .
arts , education , entertainment , performance
<unk>
Ben Cameron : The real truth of thunder
I am a culture of culture , and every day I 'm wearing the iPod , I 'll be wearing iPods , listen to Mozart and Mozart , which is a very , very well - documented ♫ ♫ Sobule : Okay , so -- and so on .
I was a wristwatch , and I went from the Houston Film Festival to San Engelbart .
" The Lord of Pearl Prince " I 've been looking at .
I 'm also a slave nut , and I 'm looking at the DVD of the cable television , a lot of television and a lot of television .
My favorite , " the legal and armrests : " The Battle of the Oprah " and " Kiteflyer 's 30 " or " Early " -- " Mommy , really , actually , the case is , truly , is the final thing . "
And I believe that many of you have the same passion , particularly the passion of what I 'm talking about , " Lynn judge " is a passion for the people who want to take the rest of us , but I do n't believe any of the core of people all over us . ♫ Sweeney : So , I am not really sure you all have my own core job , and it 's a hobby and a Diebenkorn , the opera , or a Boeing , an opera -- and , you know , there 's
And honestly , a lot of people who work in this area are worried about what 's going on in the crisis and maybe disappear .
And the first time we had to think of the Internet as a wonderful new model , thinking that it could solve all of our problems , and we realized that there was some way .
And according to what you know , a art organization , or a artist , trying to attract a worldview , and it needs to look at three to five different types of civic information every day .
Now we know that technology is the biggest operator in our lives .
Five years ago , the number of people spent 100,000 hours for TV and television , mostly TV .
The Y - era spent more time at the beginning -- a half - hour , mostly the Internet .
Now , a typical college freshman in school spend a couple of hours at school , and 10,000 hours for the video of video games , which remind us that we 're in a video game than music and film .
And we fear technology has changed our culture thinking .
Thank you very much for the Internet , and we believe that we can get the things we want .
We can do buses at three or 4 , or in the morning , to set up the fabric of your own size .
Inspired with personalized and personalized expectations of the art of modern art -- needs a lot of theater time , to take a place where it 's going to work , and the balance , the smoke , the trauma , can not go .
We all look forward to consciousness : what does this mean in the future ?
We have a lot of problems in this area .
But we have a very strange feeling , we know we 're not alone .
Together we worked together with culture and communication , which reflects the newspapers and ruins the articles , and the magazine of magazine , books and books .
And we 've been able to do this with executives of senior management management , and it 's not going to be allowed to ensure that they 're not supposed to make a copy of it , but we 're stuck in a very large facility , which is that these buildings have to have the role of artists and the audience in the middle of the 19th century , that we have a lot of progress on the right side of this model , in which we can adjust the progress of what 's going on .
A lot of us were saying , " Can we tell us that we were the one ? "
I talked about every aspect of the art industry , who is a quote between Rachel Kuhl , and she wrote , " We 're in a society that has no language , no law .
Whatever we do is we all do nothing .
The map is obsolete for us for years . "
For those of you who are trained , do n't ask me , can I measure your life , and the Rover ?
Now , not we are in the verge of laying down the edge of the sacred edge , and I would like to believe that we 're doing anti - colonization , like the 16th century .
Art has developed , like the Grand Canyon , which is a piece of technology , actually , in fact , of religious revolution .
In controversial discussion , the self - awareness of self is the big synthetic model of sustainable business .
In fact , I think these two sectors are asking questions : Who has a choice to reform ?
How do they get their liberation ?
In fact , how dare the chaos of chaos ? We need people to come to us as medium ?
Chris Anderson : I 'm sure you know all of you , he 's the founder of the magazine magazine and the ' 60s ' ' rollers , " he really is the first focus on this .
In a long time , you know , he wrote the following of the Internet and the stroke , the pink camera , and so on , it means that art product has been the first time in the history of mankind .
In the 1930s , if any of you wanted to fill a film in the 1920s , you need to be a journalist company or a company , or <unk> , because they could offer the camera and the feedback system and the soundtrack ?
Now , one of the people in this room do n't know a 14-year - old kid who 's trying to make her Second , third or a third ?
Again , this means that art is spreading the first time in human history .
Once again , in the ' 30s , Warner brothers or bust , or the movie company , did this for you .
Now , go to YouTube and Facebook ; you can do it in the world , and you do n't have to leave your own space in the world .
And this vaccine impact is a huge shift in cultural marketplace , which is the age of potential makers .
And honestly , what we 're going to do is have a long time in this environment , when the whole world is changing , we get over the audience .
But the number of people in the arts , the people who are singing , singing people , are the folks who do n't know what we think speed is about .
And this group , you call a professional artist called an emergency program .
You can see them in YouTube , at romance , in dancing , and so on .
They 're totally scaling up the ideas of our aesthetic emotions , and they adjust and adjust the culture of culture .
And finally , we 're living in a world of engagement , not by the world 's definition .
But I wanted to try to figure out , as the celebrities is not the original principal , or the <unk> , I believe that our art is going to continue really important .
Now this organization is still a great way to do a good job of the economy , not wealthy , just financially .
And in these places , those are the companies that they need to be able to find in order to find the mines .
But instead of treating them as a swarm block , it turns out it 's very little .
And in fact , in our tendency , we tend to incorporate a piece of five to 10 years , and the most exciting progress in the process of philanthropy , which is the rise of professional artists , where the profession artists are not at the concerts or the public community , but it 's not going to be the leader of a leader , or an AIDS problem , whether it does n't work in a way to do the task , it does n't work on the way that the economy is .
The dance world is not just made up of the Royal Ballet , or Canada of Canada , and it 's a company that 's going to be used , the dance of Evil , which is an ad - based dance company , who is a member of 18 and a half - year - olds to describe the DNA , with the company to the genetic Survey , for the first time , to develop the structure of DNA .
Now today , the private sector is not designed to define , but it 's made out of Los Angeles , which is a kind of a artist , and that 's an artist - based community that has 10 different religions in the end of nine different religious religions -- and the chief of the Muslim , or the Muslims , who have been able to do it for a very big number of different projects that they 're looking at .
Now , the performer , Craig Jones , was working at the polling stations , helping women to reduce the suffering of suffering , and now the creators of the commons and the DARPA community to find a change of change , etc .
In fact , I think it 's not just about the art to survive , but it is in the middle of the era that we have never seen a major deal .
We emphasize that the health care industry is important for the economy of the town .
It 's absolutely important . I hope you know , every 50 dollars in modern art is a $ 60,000-a - dollar business , and it 's going to cost seven dollars to the economy and the money on the restaurant or the selling money , we have to buy a piece of money in a branch that we use for the tooling , so we can hire the piano to subsidize the raw .
But when we ran out , art would be more important to the economy , especially for the industry we did n't even think about the business of the iPod , it was like they had to do with the iPods and the computer industry , and some people would predict 10 to 15 years later .
Business leadership is going to be more dependent on the balance , and it 's very serious to listen to , self - awareness , to change other people 's ability to create these real capability .
In particular , we 're all going to have to confront the gap between the markets , the benefits of social psychology , and we 've got to use the power of the art and the dynamics of art to shape the identity of our personal and national characteristics , particularly in the same way , rather than that .
And finally , especially in the world , we live in an abyss of an anti - complex legal system , and on the TV station we 've been able to do it in a very granular environment , where we 're all going to hear it all over the United States , you know , " Hey , ♫ ♫ Together : ♫ ladies and gentlemen , every Saturday , each bike is listening to each other .
Whether it does n't work , regardless of what art means , when art unites us , art gives us a very generous and curious view of people .
God knows that if we 've ever had this capacity in human history , we need it .
And we connect it together , and I think it 's not because technology or entertainment , but a common cause .
We 're trying to build a healthy and dynamic society to reduce the pain of human suffering , to make a more sustainable , more nuanced and more emotional .
I salute all the goals of this goal , and I hope you complain about what the art you do , regardless of what you 're doing , whether your intentions .
And I promised you , from the way down to the future , to the future , that 's what 's going on in the future of philanthropy .
Thank you very much for having a good and personal talk for listening to me .
Thank you , Steve Jurvetson .
http://www.ted.com/talks/steven_strogatz_on_sync.html
Number three - sister ' 60s : Narrator : Oprah is a new kind of defense for their eagerness to play the piano with a kangaroo , and they 're going to get a lot of their life in playing with the " life of light , " and it 's beautiful and beautiful .
arts , entertainment , live music
<unk>
Christopher Fowler : The piano , violin and cello
Khaled : Thank you .
Thank you very much .
We were very privileged to be able to share the music with you .
And this is what makes it exciting , exciting activity .
And what you 're talking about is David Doerr 's Life - based Life .
We want to play a little bit for you .
Inspired by Argentina and Paul Johnson .
We 're talking about different ideas -- and he has this idea that the music should come from the inside .
It was the 20th century , and the wonderful music was not the most popular in the world .
In the middle of the country , the majority of music is about 1.2 million .
He keeps beautiful music .
Let 's talk about Rachel Carson 's " forgotten . "
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sheryl_sandberg_why_we_have_too_few_women_leaders.html
Bill Shaw shows a romance of art and music and unusual stories .
Rover , activism , arts , children , culture , education , philanthropy
<unk>
Bill Koch on PowerPoint slide
So , thank you very much .
And there 's a good news , and I 'm very clear that I 'm going to take you on the board , because I 'm the only barrier between you and your partner .
Okay , I 'm not ready for a long talk , but I have a big slide .
I have a couple of images to express my life and how I earn a living picture .
And my experience told me that people can actually forget the text at a long time , and remember the content of the picture , so I hope you 're going to talk about some of these images , I want to share with you .
And the story begins -- and I was at a high school student at the University of Alabama , and everybody was singing the hopes of hope .
In a afternoon afternoon , I walked out of school in school thinking , and it was the artist who was in the lecture and he was doing a big old old house on the back of the art class and I looked at the door to see how you did it , which is the magic thing I had ever seen .
So I walked into art class and said , " What 's this ? "
He said , " Well , who ? "
I said , " I 'm Bill McCarthy , and I want you to do this . "
And he said , " Okay , let 's take your homework teacher to take a list and tell you , I 'll teach you . "
So , my last two years , I canceled all my classes .
But I was very dead , and I had to give up the teacher 's teacher and put it for me . They gave me a lot .
That 's what I did .
Dr. Mr. Heifetz said , " You know , you 're not going to get my hands on my deathbed , and I want to leave you with a couple of classes . "
And then he drove me to the University of Utah , and I took a copy of a piece of paper and <unk> it .
Now , I 'm here in my college train , and I said , " I grew up in the neighborhood community and enter this college into a college identity .
Do n't give up the poor , because you never know what they 're going to do . "
And I 'm going to use a framework to show you a piece of a property that I 've been working on for the most part of the crime crime in Hong Kong .
Peter Hirshberg : So this is a little girl with a mother and a healthy mother .
Remember that the first time was used ?
Now there 's no way of making steel .
I add them to their new lives .
This is what 's called the spacecraft 's name .
In chaos , I was arrested , and he was at the dawn of Idaho , where I built the tooling and I figured out that , as long as I knew , it was a place where there were a couple of people , all over the place .
This is what I 've been working on .
And last year I was in his house , and I would be grateful for him .
And I found a student at the top of the building king de Gene , who asked him to give him a world - class center , and it 's the worst area .
My center was just the ratio of the Red Brigades .
When you go to the Ministry of Defense -- you 're going to fall into my construction version of my architecture .
This is my architecture .
It 's built in a neighborhood - based neighborhood .
And I think that if you want to interfere with people who have been thought that no one 's hope of hope , you should be more likely to look at the solution , rather than the problem .
You see , there 's a water in the garden .
This is a bottle of water that I had to do with my ideas , and I was able to buy a piece of paper and buy it .
Now I 'm talking to TED in a lot of TED meetings , and they brought me into the Carnegie Hall .
In the top of the museum , I saw that there was a water fountain that had a bottle of water because they thought it would be a Christmas pump .
Well , I think the kids who are going to be healthy , unfortunately , is a little bottle of water .
So the first time you saw that in my center , you know , 43 percent of your time -- and it 's a life - saving life . It 's very clear that you 're going to take people to your senses and expectations .
So I started to build this building from the water .
And as you can see , it has the world of world - class art , and it 's perfect because I bought all the money .
And I said to my son , " If you had money , we put your throat written on the wall . "
And in fact , we have the bed nets and the Rover , and there 's a lot of stuff that you 're going to do , and some of you are going to be pretty beautiful and you can do it .
Namaste .
And I think there 's only the world that you can muster to save high - performance properties .
We had a room for a meeting , and I got a furniture chair from Japan to help him have 60 furniture .
Because we were emitting his own business .
He has a lot of money right now for wealthy furniture to make a lot of money .
And his collection of furniture is about 60 of my school , and I think , because I felt that the mom , the mother , who would like to go to a little bit of a chess furniture , greet their schools every day .
Because this is a early age where you 've been able to tell them how you 're going to do it before you want them to do it .
We spent even on the corridor , and it 's not plastic .
And it turns out that , every day , every day we sit in our forest .
Now , I 've been doing a lot of a little bit of high school graduates to look at me , and they said , " You know , Steve Jobs , your story is very low .
Specifically , especially those who took us very , very curious , and we wondered , how would that be ? "
And I said , " Get a ticket , go to the Houston store , and put it back and take them back and put it in there . "
You do n't need a mission or a study to your children .
And what you need to know is that kids and adults are enjoying their own habitat in their lives .
The cost of saving is a huge amount of money , but what it shows is very big .
In my school , full of sunlight and flowers , we believe that the potential of hope and humans .
It was in Christmas .
So what you 're going to see is a value of value , and it 's a company where you 've seen this company , you know ?
They 're doing good in tomato sauce .
And I 've been very familiar with this company because , Dr. John Doerr , Mr. Heifetz , who ended up in the plane -- thanks to me because I 'm making a wish to build a cup of wishes , and I put it across the freezer .
So he asked me to go to his office -- it felt like I was going to watch " The Oprah " John John , who had six billion dollars , and I had about 60 cents .
He said , " We 've heard you .
And you work with the work of children and the workforce , and we want to fund the wish that you build it .
If you get a cooking class in your class , you give us a lot of it . "
Because in that time , we 're just going to do this in charge of a leader .
And he said , " That 's what we 're going to do , and the goal is that we 're going to be anti - denial . "
And I said , " Angola , let me just say that I 'm not familiar with it , making me feel a little bit of a letdown , but I 'll assure you , if you 're investing in my school , I 'd like to take it to the top of the project , and I would consider that . "
And San Francisco sat down there , said , " Well , if I say I 'm going to give you a little bit , what 's your response ? "
I said , " Mr. Heifetz , I think we should go to chef training . "
And John Fowler was really a million million .
And the most important thing is he took his company to graduate .
We took a little American school , and the school was just like cooking in Harvard , so we designed a food class for a very , very healthy one in the downtown town .
We have no choice from there .
And I want to show you a little bit about food that they 're looking at in these cities .
This is our dining restaurant .
This is the 27th Day . Why ?
Because students do these things , students are eating them every day .
But my idea is , I want to shave out the animal record .
And the food is not a rich man , and everybody is supposed to eat every single person on this planet .
So , in my school , we 've been sponsoring a sweet lunch plan , and these schemes are in the middle of the Rift Valley , because we find that it has their stomachs , but they 're getting their head .
Because I wanted them to understand that there was a value in the center of my life , every day of their lives .
We 've got black students here , and they have white students , they 're all sitting together and we 've found that they can solve a world that 's the world 's world , because people are willing to show the world of the world , if you 're going to show them to them .
This is a picture of a healthy mother who was trained for six months .
Without , not the net , no schedules , nothing .
And we found that the only thing that poor people did is they do n't have to do it , and it 's the problem .
It completely depends on how you think about people , and it 's often a lot of time .
This is a woman who 's been trained to train seven months , and she 's very smart and younger . Her teacher is our <unk> .
And I 've eaten seven of these ingredients , and it smells good .
Oh , they do n't have schedules .
This is our dining restaurant .
Looks like a regular American village in the United States .
I think the students should get this kind of respect , especially for the kids who have been beaten .
We trained the technicians for pharmaceutical drugs , and we provide healthcare companies for healthcare , we 're trained to train some companies , like <unk> , who know how to do it for a company .
And I assure you , if you come to my main center , of course , you 're all invited to get you to see , healthy mothers are using a brick computer . They do 10 months .
There 's no evidence that poor people can not learn the world 's largest technology .
And we found that you have to give them a pathogen , the sun and the food , it 's the music that every time you can heal the mental cancer .
We trained tourism for tourism .
I even did n't even write books .
This kid , two years ago , was a trained teacher who had now been a teacher .
There are a couple of kids who have high school students , but they do n't know if they do n't know .
You certainly ask yourself that the 21st century is not going to read the children , and we get them out of college and how it works .
And the reason is that education system is more than a mosquito of money , and it 's not the number of people at the end of the government .
This is a kid at the same time , 20 degrees and a half years in my school .
Nothing 's very big .
And that 's our library , and we have more of these furniture .
This is my art class in 1968 .
And remember , I 'm a black man in the ' 60s , and the Catholic ruins my life .
When I 'm ready to take my model , I have the theory of the rest of my life , and if you give them a chimpanzee , the sun and the passion , you can get them to go back to the normal life .
There are 400 million years old , and the kids who are going to get the arts and I 've got to get art education .
These kids are getting adopted .
And last year I brought these kids into college , and the average average , more than 80 years , has been over 15 years .
We make a surprising discovery : the problem is n't that there 's not a word of love and sunlight , and the kids , the passion of the food and the <unk> .
In this case , I won a big and old <unk> -- the year - class leader .
And I brought all the interviews of interviews because I think if you take kids like people , they might be more like a regular .
Why do n't we do this in every city , every town in the city ? I really really miss .
Let me tell you what these people do .
We have the nachos , and we have meetings , and computers .
And these kids do n't have schedules , there is no talent , no imagination , and we 've got a lot of the world - class artist writers and Steve Jurvetson , all the way to the people that we 're discovering to be able to teach people to be able to teach them .
In fact , I got a Ph.D. artist from the Himalayas , and she was a African - American , who was an African version of the United States . Let me show you their work .
These kids have been killed by the world , and this painting shows their ability to love and the sunlight , the food , a good music and choice .
We teach cameras .
These are some of the students .
This is a guy who took this picture for four years , and it took 40 years .
And this is our mantra .
We have a world of world - class , because we believe that poor people need to be an international world , so I designed it .
We were ready at the art department , and we had a couple of dives on the board . We got a symbolic print . I even wanted to put a solution to their parents .
15 years ago , I was spending a parents , and I got a parent , so I took a lot of money from God .
He took people from the wood booth to get their God Canary .
I said , " Bill , I want to hire you .
You have to take the God out of God , but keep this passionate .
I ca n't let them go to school . "
He said , " I 'm going to let them go schools . "
And then he turned out , and he came up to the RHex and said , " Miss women , I know you want to go to your children 's art birthday , but you might get the past .
So I 'd like you to go . "
He was called 10 parents , and then he came up with 20 parents .
In our lexicon , we came up with 200 parents , and a parents did n't go back .
Because , if you 're not going to take the exhibition of the Al Brigades , you do n't have to do it for your children , and you ca n't be social , because you think you are bad parents .
And white parents and black parents are the same .
Girls are going to go to their children 's own time , and any place where it 's going to happen .
I want you to look at this readout because it could n't be better than that .
Narrator : When I graduated from college , they were commenting on their universities , and they had four televisions .
You have to change the behavior of people 's behavior before you can change their way .
The rules are very effective .
And I 'm in this room a room , and I want you to look at it .
It 's new .
We did this slide before TED conference .
I 'm doing a little slide on Silicon Valley , and it 's very good to talk .
One of the women came up and said , " This story is very good for your talk .
It 's a little old . "
And I said , " What are you doing ? "
She said , " I work at Hewlett . "
And I said , " You 're doing the computer business , right ? "
She said , " Yeah , sir .
I said , " There 's a very simple solution to this problem . "
And I 'm very happy about what you announce , Hewlett - Zarqawi , is that we have all the technology and furniture in the U.S.
This is the room . Because our collaboration is just beginning , and it 's just beginning to start .
We 've taken it for you , and this is a global map of our own centers .
I also have some slides . Stories start getting more interesting .
So I 'd like you to hear me a few minutes , and then you realize why he 's there , I 'm here .
In 1967 I was building this center , and I wanted to be the top north .
And one of the people who is called " Deskbar , " because he knows it 's sitting there -- the guy who is sitting there .
And a afternoon afternoon , and I 'm here , I said , " Well , why do n't you go to the center of a black hole ? " Here 's a park in the park , but it does n't have a park , you know , it does n't . "
He said , " Because I hear you build this center , but I do n't believe you 've made this , so I want to look at it .
Now I believe , and I 'm going to give you a gift . "
And I said , " You 're my gift . "
He said , " No , sir , you 're the performer .
And I allow you to give me a recordings of my head , and I 'm going to send my music to you , if you 're ready to go through these recordings , you have to get a license to fund schools . "
And I picked up the sounds of the Maltese Falcon , and he died six months later , but he had to tell us what to do with the people called the Personal Genome Project .
And he came up , and he said , " Do n't talk about you everywhere , I want to help you . "
And then one of the things is called the Personal Genome Agency .
And then one of the things called the Personal Genome Atlas , a guy named Christopher Kennedy , is a piece called Christopher Hill , which is called " The Magic Prince , " and a fellow named La Gogh , who is the guy , and the Jill Tarter , the Christopher of Assisi , Christopher Carter , where they 're all going to go to the center of a central city .
And I 'm happy to tell you that , in these artists , I 've reached 600 submarines all the greatest artists in the world , and he shows the final piece of music that I recorded in my school .
Christopher Williams found me , and put his hand on my shoulder and said , " It 's God to do it .
I wish my music was a little bit . "
We 're working together .
After the conductor , the whole band was excited , and they were able to get the rights rights to me .
And I was able to draw the music and then we won a thing called HyperCard .
I 'm an atheist , and I do n't have a taxi , because I think we ca n't win .
But we actually won our names onto Madison 's garden to Madison .
And Tolstoy turned out , Mr. Heifetz was the following , and we opened them to the second half of them .
And the upshot of that is that we became a young girl in the United States , and in this chap , in this chap .
This is a picture of the Japanese bike bike .
And if you were there eating a bomb , all 74 percent were covered with you , because they were all there .
And my parents were in the same way , and they were living enough to look at their children and looked at this building .
That 's the Rover , like I told you , he 's there .
That 's the Tibetan Plateau .
And that was the winner and Jim Kennedy , and they were with us .
That 's our first Rover , and it 's a <unk> .
We just put it in a hallway and redesigned this room , and we filmed the first half - of - shelf strike .
This is our new shaman , all using video technology .
This room was taken in the room for Boeing to date , last Christmas , and she was filmed in our schools .
If you were in Christmas , and if you saw that , " The Battle of Pearl " -- you would see that he was singing this segment of the show and he took the top part of our school to get us to school .
I can take you right now , and once you get the side of the wall , his CD is able to sell the wheel .
We 're in the middle of the Cold War , the fourth World Trade Center .
I think we 're going to work better .
This is a picture of a building in the riot , and on the back of my school , I did a little box on the street , and I came up with a street box and came out of my street and went on to the street .
So this new school , which is a high - tech greenhouse on the right side , is the middle of medicine .
And I 'm happy to tell you that it 's all over .
This building was very famous in the building , and a three - foot , 20 dollars a gallon .
This is a water bottle .
Every building has a water tank .
In the University of Medicine , the big stars , they rented half the space , and we 're going to train them to train medical technicians .
The BBC was rented .
And I love them because they spend their job at the time .
And because it 's a connection , I 'm a DARPA company , and the company has bought the drug drug company .
This is now building this right now .
Take a four - minute picture of the picture , which is the last 10 years , and that 's what it looks like , because we 've got to put those spending on downtown beds .
We 're going to make high school kids at the grocery store .
We and the big stars , let them sell them in six states .
Our partner is a company called Valencia , California , Oregon .
So , Spain and black bars ran together to grow high - tech elements in downtown downtown .
I told a American name , if he could help us find some money , we could put it on the left - hand side . He said yes .
So we ended up with funding , and we 've got a fourth line on the fall of this year .
And so you have to look at this -- this is the repurposing of the story .
This is the picture , and what I wanted to do .
And that brown area you saw , and I told you , I made a big mistake .
I had a chance to put the whole thing out of a thousand feet -- and I would n't have 1,000 feet -- at 400 dollars , but I did n't buy .
Do you know what the first time I built in my process ?
And I brought this back to the imagination of everybody 's imagination last year , and I 'd been able to buy 15 million dollars a year to get rid of it , but he said , " Wow , you should have the leader leader , because you 're supposed to have a leader for the last time you can imagine .
Thank you very much . "
And this story told people that people are prepared to be prepared for their dreams , and I 'm going to do it for a real time .
Finally , look at this picture .
This is in San Francisco .
And the reason for that photo was , a few years ago , I wrote a slide on a very big economy , and the audience was looking at me .
He said , " The story is really great .
I want a center . "
I said , " Well , what 's the privilege to do with you ? "
He said , " I ran a city , called San Francisco .
My name is Christopher Brown . "
And I brought it out of my head and put it in the Houston store .
And the weekend , I 'm going home to go home and go back to the center for the first time and meet him .
And he came to the center , said , " What 's the problem ? "
And I said , " Well , the mosquito 's teams just look like this .
And he said , " God forbid , I wanted to build a truck like 25 years , and now you 've done it .
Now I 'm going to go out . "
And I said , " Well , what 's going on there ? "
He said , " San Francisco . "
I said , " Do you know ? "
In fact , he really knew the <unk> Brown , the DARPA Brown and I had four years ago , and we started with a blueprint for the blueprint of the moon .
And the Fowler designer said , " My name 's secret , I 'm going to build this school , bringing it to the poor people in the city . "
Narrator : We got to the land of five Bonobos , and we got the other one to help , like a designer , a guy who had a friend , an operator , the friend of the DARPA , with his friends , <unk> and modems .
In Silicon Valley , I knew a person who was a fancy person .
And the conversation came out , and he said , " Your story is real .
I want to help you . "
And I said , " Thank you very much .
What are you doing ? "
He said , " A company is called a company named Nobu . "
And I said , " Awesome .
Thank you very much , you give me your business business , and we 're going to be able to do it in our future . "
And I did n't know if it was a company , but , yes , I asked you to see some of the students in the schools .
And I said , " Hello , what ? "
He said , " It 's a network of the Internet . "
And I said , " I 've seen this company , he has given me commercial business . "
I called him up and said , " Mr. Heifetz , I 'd like to leave you with you . "
And I was truly a friend of mine , and he was organized . We had to start this center .
And I went to the community of school , and the place was called Christopher Harlan -- and I said , " Mayor Daley , I 'd like to work with you . ♫ Sweeney : So , if you 're not willing to go to you , that 's what we do .
My only way to convince you is a slide slide . "
So , in a busy night , I 'm standing on 200 very angry people who are very depressed , and the corner of the room is bad , the temperature is about 100 degrees and I start putting them on the slide .
And then they looked at 10 pictures later .
And I gave me my story , and I said , " How do you think ? "
In the back of the room , a woman stands up and said , " I 've been in the place for 35 years , and you 're only the only ones to look at people .
I ca n't believe you . "
She influenced all the listeners .
And I 'm not going to tell people that we can fix it and fix it .
And I think we 're going to start building this in a school where we can build a model to build .
And I picked up the Houston camp , and I showed him a second slide .
He said , " I want to help you .
We 're in Los Angeles . "
And he organized a group of people .
And I 'd like to love with a little bit of love and his music .
And I said , " What 's going on there ? "
And I said , " This is from your music .
When I was 16 years old , it was a dark time when the world was in the dark , and Mr. Heifetz brought you back to the sun .
And I said , " With the music , I 'll be exiled to the sun .
And if it 's not that , how do I do this ? "
I want you all to understand : I think that the world is worth our lives .
I believe you .
I believe your hope of hope , your dreams . I believe you do n't believe that your passion .
I was tired of this kind of life : Went into a city , and people were standing on the street and the eyes were empty .
Now , how can we possibly be a nation ?
In Pennsylvania , it looks like the people who are going to get six million dollars in prison .
But anyway , the college School took four million dollars .
We built the medical medium more than a suicide ward in the prison industry .
You do n't have your math , and you do it all the time .
I 'm going to show you a little bit about helping to help , to take care of the celebrities , the <unk> , and the Richard and the very good ones to help help .
I hope in every city , every town is doing this business , and it gives you a lifetime .
I do n't think I 'm silent .
And I think we can take these things back to home , and I want to spend the rest of the country and spend more money in the country to build these schools .
And I believe that we can convert people into a layer of wood .
This works .
You all kind of like the same thing , and the money is always not enough , so it 's always a lot of depression .
In a long time , I finally found a way to avoid this depression , which is , in every town , you would never be alone .
I hope , I 'm here today to pay some friends .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sheena_iyengar_on_the_art_of_choosing.html
Christopher Rick Warren shows a new idea of a whole new notion of visual disorder for visual impaired , and her approach is to transfer the camera and put it into the brain .
medical research , medicine , science , technology
<unk>
Christopher Rick : With a prosthetic arm for blind eyes
What I study is how the brain deals with information , and how brain works in the world and transfer it to the model and then how it can control behavior -- and see , listen , take things .
And I 'm a theoretical scientist , but in the last year , I started changing the direction of the model , and I 've been able to see a model that I want to show you today .
And this is the first time we try to try that .
It was a prosthetic arm for blind - blind .
First of all , come from the blind question .
Because the retina virus is paralyzed .
And the global blindness of the world is more than a lot of people , because the germ disease is lost , and that 's what the retina does n't lose .
There are some treatments that are treatments for treatments , but they 're just part of a very small fraction of patients , and they keep the vision of the eye for the most patient .
The problem is that the prosthetic arm is not very good at all , but the visual levels are very limited or limited .
So for example , these devices are only helping patients to see the vertical lines and the lines of light , almost no other image , so they ca n't get the imagery of the normal visual view .
And what I 'd like to tell you about today is that we 're making a device that might change all this equipment that will be more effective , and I want to show you a little bit about how it works , but I 'm going to talk about the work of what 's going on in the context of the normal retina , so you can understand what the circuitry is .
This is a sensor .
Now you can see a picture , a retina and a brain .
And when you look at things in front of this , like this baby 's face to your eyes , it 's going to keep your eye in your retina , and it stays in the bottom of the retina cell .
And the middle part of the retina is that it starts to handle this image , and it 's beginning to fill the information and transfer information to the code and bring information into code .
And the code of this code is to go into the brain , and so therefore it 's a code to bring the picture into the code , which is the code of code .
It 's like a symbol of the baby 's face , so that when the brain has gotten a little bit of a baby , it 's a female face -- if you 're different models , you know , a dog or a house .
Here it is .
And of course , the real thing is always changing things , so the forces are constantly changing because the world is changing .
So this is a little complex , and your eyes will send a different kind of dynamic model to tell the brain you see .
If you have a retina chip , like a dozen pounds , what 's going to happen ? Now , the bottom cell is death , and then all the cells will die and all of these cells die .
The last one 's only one of those cells is that the cell cells go into the brain , but because they do n't have signals .
They do n't have signals , and they lose their brains , so he 's blind .
One solution is to make a device to imitate the functions of the following cell cells , so that they can re - send the signals to work , put signals in the brain .
This is our research , and that 's what we made .
It 's made up of two components , and we call them bastards and sensors .
Just like I mentioned earlier , the functions of making - up cells -- and the images of the visual cell , and put it into the retina .
And then the sensors that make sure that the nerve cell sends the string into the brain , and the retina can form a normal structure .
So a completely blind structural structure , even though it does n't work at the bottom of the year , and they can adjust the normal signals and the brain can understand these signals .
There 's no other device .
And I 'm going to tell you a little bit about the functions , because this is really interesting , and it 's very interesting .
I do n't know what the cool word is .
Its function is to use a equation to replace the retina , and the most important part of it is that we can take these principles , so that 's actually the math .
That means that we do n't really have a set of instructions .
Not saying we did a miniature device to replace every different cell .
We just use the formula to collect the structure of the retina .
And so these principles , the functions of equations , as a result , is the effect of the equation , like a normal structure .
And then I 'm going to show you a little bit about what we 're actually able to do .
This is a three - dimensional model that comes from a normal animal in the middle of a form of code , which is the one - based adhesive that 's written from an electronic adhesive , a radio - induced animal .
On the bottom here , the most sophisticated technology that we 've ever found is that the detectors are made out of the vertical axis , but what we do is we 're doing the best things -- the mosquito seats , your baby seating , and the other kinds of things that they look at .
And the first thing that 's going on here is that every single layer of wood is a few cells and a couple of slides , and it 's a different kind of cell -- and I 'm going to make it a little bit smaller .
It 's a kind of glowing animal of string sensors , which is very good for the normal , and it 's not perfect , but it does n't have a good animal to do it .
It turns out that cells really do shine on a regular prosthetic , but it does n't work in normal terms because they do n't have the right code .
How important is it ?
What 's the big impact on the patient 's vision ?
And I 'm going to show you a fundamental experiment to go back to this problem , and I have other data if you have a little bit of the research , which is called the Personal Lab .
Let 's go from recording . Now , look at what the retina retina looked at ?
Can we rebuild the retina from the three - dimensional model ?
We did this experiment with regular prosthetic and codes .
So first I 'm going to show you a little bit of a matter of prosthetic prosthetic .
You can see that the effect is limited because the reason is that it does n't have the right code to code , so it 's painful to see what you 're looking at , and you can look at what 's going on here , but they 're going to be something that 's kind of , you know , what it looks like when I 'm at the beginning -- but the patient 's faces can actually see the shape of the light -- and that is what the dots are .
And what we 've developed is what makes the code , and you can see that , you see , it 's going to be a little bit more likely to see the baby 's face and also look at the face of a baby . It 's a very difficult task .
On the left , the upshot of the bed is the right - hand side , and that 's a real blindness sensor and a laser sensor .
But the most important thing is that we can combine different sensors and dials combined .
This is just one of our ideas .
I want to say something about the common prosthetic problem .
It was a very exciting time when it was introduced , because it led to a sensory sensor .
But the irony is that the code is how to make a better response to the cell , and that 's what we do .
Now I 'd like to conclude with that , as I said earlier , if you 're interested in this , I have a lot of data here , and I 'm just going to just say that this is just a simple way of talking to your language and the brain .
And this is a consumer command repair repair system that allows the brain to send a device , and we 're going to put it in the world and to make it understood .
And finally , what I 'd like to suggest is that this approach is widely used .
We use the technique of the retina code , which is also used to study other areas , like hearing systems and motion systems , to solve hearing obstacles and limbs .
And the principle of that is that it 's going to be direct down into the fabric of the atomic retina cells , and we can get rid of damage to the areas that are damaged by the wind , or the balance of the wind - level cortex in order to overcome the damage of reducing stroke the stroke of stroke , which is going to be reduced to reducing the damaged side of your stroke at the speed of speed to stroke a zero level of damage to the weight of a stroke to replace the loss .
And finally , I 'd like to say that the code is very , very important , and if we can make code as a language , it does n't matter .
http://www.ted.com/talks/atul_gawande_how_do_we_heal_medicine.html
It turns out that bacteria is talking about bacteria , and they 're using a chemical language to get together , to attack the behavior of the future , the industry has a big meaning , including how we see ourselves .
Rover , MacArthur grant , biology , disease , evolution , health , sports , microbiology , science , technology , design
<unk>
Christopher <unk> : How can the bacteria communicate ?
The bacteria is the oldest creature on Earth .
They 've already been there for billions of years , and they 're a layer of cells .
Their traits are only one cell , and they just have one DNA .
They just have a few genes , and they imitate the properties of their expression .
The way the bacteria lives is to keep the nutrients out of the environment , and they 're going to grow twice as much as the size of two cells , which is the combination of two cells .
They keep growing , they spread , and then they grow , then it 's going to be a little boring , but I want to tell you , you know , I 'd like to talk to you about these bacteria .
I know you think you 're human , and it might be me .
And what 's happening here is a common human representation , which is all about all the circles , represents the cell cells .
Each human body is about an individual - based cell cells that allows us to do all kinds of things that we want to make , but you have a whole lifetime of a bacteria in your life , and it 's almost like a bacteria cell .
So there are thousands of cells in the cell cells that live in one person .
So , we 're wearing DNA , and this is all all A , T , G , which gives you all your genes .
You have three legs .
And over the course of your bacteria is your own 100 times more important than your body and the surface .
The most optimistic thinking is : You 're just one person in 10 , " in fact , 100 " is more accurate , depending on where you prefer .
I know you 're thinking about being a human , but in my eyes , 99 percent of bacteria .
And these bacteria are not a passenger control , they 're unbelievable , and they keep us alive .
And these are the invisible pieces of wood that we have on our health to keep our health care .
They adjust the food , they make the fertilizer system , and they also replace your immune system to keep your immune system .
They do their job to help us , to maintain our lives , and not so far .
Even though they 're doing a lot of bad things , it 's very common .
There are tens of thousands of bacteria on the planet , and they 're not supposed to be on any time in your body , but if you 've seen it , then you 're going to have to be pretty good .
So , the problem that we 're lab studying is that the bacteria that you want to know is all the good things you want to do , or the bacteria that are doing it .
We 've asked a question : How do they do that ?
I mean , they 're so small , using microscope to see a microscope .
Their lives are kind of guilty of growing and divided , and the long time has been thought of being a social society .
So in our view , they 're really small , and if you 're not going to get any effect on the environment .
So we 're discussing the bacteria 's way of living .
And the answer of this problem is to come from a ocean called the ocean bacteria .
And what you 're looking at is a partner in this slide that I have in my lab , and it 's a little bit of a bacteria that comes from the ocean , the beautiful , beautiful bacteria : " The Secret bacteria . "
And the properties of this bacteria can be reflected , and organisms like fireflies are like fireflies .
We do n't do anything for these cells .
We just put it on the room , and then the picture came out and was what we saw .
In fact , the part that we 're interested in is not that bacteria would n't be reflected , but it 's bacteria .
And we found that when bacteria was in the bacteria , they were able to excavate them , and they did n't have it .
But once they grow into a certain population , all the bacteria .
So we thought , well , these are the primitive creatures that know how they 're in isolation , or in a group , and also the same thing .
And then we found that the bacteria can talk to each other , and they use chemical language .
Assuming it 's my bacteria .
When it breaks down , it does n't make light .
But they make a little bit of rice , and you can imagine that it 's a hormone , the red tar here , which is the little molecule , when the bacteria hits , so the small molecules are so small .
And with these bacteria , and all the time creates these molecules , these cells have increased the mass of the cell .
And when these molecules are going to be more likely , they 'll tell the bacteria , how many neighbors there are , bacteria and bacteria to these information , all of bacteria .
This is how creatures work -- they communicate with these chemical languages .
The light elements of Kiribati came from biology .
And then we 'll look at a marine ocean : the oil spill is in the womb .
And what you 're seeing here is the Hawaii scan , which is its point , and I hope you can see , that 's a little bit of light , the fraction of the bacteria -- and they 're living on this , so they 've got the little molecule in this area that they can make .
And the reason for this squid is that it 's going to be used because it needs these LED .
The foundation of this organism is because this little squid lives in Hawaii , about knee percent in the coast of Hawaii .
And this squid is a prank , so in the daytime they hid asleep on the sand , but they had to come out of the night .
And there 's a lot of light in front of this , and the light is able to cut a place where it 's about a squid , because there 's only a dozen miles north .
This is a squid that has taken a cup of light , and you can turn it down to the light of bacteria .
And there 's a little bit of an aerial device , and you can measure how much it 's going to look like at the bottom .
And then it turns out that it 's a light saber from the light of light that has been created by light in its belly , and it does n't have any shadow of a shadow .
They use the light from bacteria , and it 's going to be a light saber , like it can put it on the board , making sure that it ca n't see its shadow , the calculation , then you lose it .
It 's like the hidden culprits in the ocean .
But if you go into it , this squid will have a horrible problem because it 's going to be growing up in its body , death , a squid , and the squid ca n't be sterile .
So at the end of the morning , it 's going to fly itself to sleep on the sand , and it has a balance between the day and the wind , when the sun rises , and it will be about 25,000 bacteria .
When the bacteria breaks down , these little particles are disappeared , and then they disappear , so the squid is completely unaware , because it 's completely blind .
And when the whole day , these bacteria are growing growing , they release enough of these little molecules , and then they start lighting up the night at night .
We first learned why these bacteria have this phenomenon , and then we use it to study the real mechanisms of this thing .
And we found this : This is a sagittal plant that has a protein -- this red layer of red -- it 's a very , very strong molecule , which is the red tower .
When the cell grows , they all release this molecule to the environment , so there 's a lot of these molecules .
And the cells of these bacteria , there is a receptor , and it 's kind of a candy match , like a kangaroo .
They 're just like the receptor on your body 's surface .
And when these molecules increase it , it means that the numbers of these cells are going to be a little bit of mutation , and the combination of information , the message starts to tell the information to the connections of the cell .
And this discovery is interesting , because in the last few years we 've found that this is not just the only way that it 's just been on the ocean , so that the bacteria that 's going to be reflected in color , but all of bacteria are like this kind of system , which is a system of systems that are similar to these .
So , we found that all bacteria are available to each other .
They make chemical code , and they can also recognize that the text and the performance is just when all the cell action is successful .
We took a character for this kind of behavior , called " Devices . "
And it took the chemical poll , and then all the cells were going to be the result of the final vote .
The most important part of this talk is that we already know about bacteria 's behavior .
And the most obvious thing for you to do , is that it 's a bacteria of bacteria .
It 's not just a few bacteria coming up to your body immediately , and it starts to recline , compared to them , you 're a huge , small bacteria you do n't have .
And we found that they were going to go into your body , and then wait and start to emulate the growth of growth , which is the number of machines that are small , when you think of the power of self - organizing molecule , all the bacteria can get a lot of cells , so they can make a huge host of eggs .
And the bacteria 's always used to control its balance on overreacting .
And that 's how they work .
We also study these little molecules , and these are the Rovers I 'm on the last slide .
This is a little molecule of the polar bear .
That 's what they 're talking about .
So we start studying other bacteria , and these are the Rovers we 've discovered , and we 've discovered small molecules .
I hope you know that these molecules are connected .
And each of these bacteria , of course , is the left line of molecules .
It 's just a couple of different kinds of differences on the palm side .
This discovery shows the language of the bacteria 's language .
In each one of these molecules , it 's very , very smooth .
So these conversations are the secret , secret .
This communication is just beyond the same way of communication .
Every bacteria is using this special molecule , which is the language of its own language .
And once we learned that we 're beginning to understand bacteria 's social behavior .
But what we really think is that , in most cases , bacteria are not just living in their lives , and they live in places where many tens of millions of bacteria have .
This is the slide that shows you : it 's your skin .
This is a picture of your skin .
In any place where you 're in your body , it looks like this . I hope you can see , there 's different bacteria .
So we started thinking , if this really is the connective tissue of bacteria , it 's just not enough to deal with bacteria that are not very , very large .
They have to have a certain way of dealing with other bacteria .
So we went back to molecular method , and we started looking at different bacteria . We 've now discovered that , in fact , bacteria could be a language .
They all have a particular kind of system , using a very particular molecule to tell it .
But we found that they also have another system , which is a universal system .
So , they have a different kind of thing that they can produce , and the signal has its own receptor , which is the bacteria of bacteria .
It 's in all different strains , and it 's a language of communication .
The bacteria can be able to differentiate and distinguish between the number of bacteria around them .
They send these information to cell cells and decide how to do it , and their actions depends on who 's in the whole group .
We also use this custom - generating structure -- the universal molecule -- which is the reflection of my slide .
It 's a very small little molecule .
Well , what 's important is that we found that every bacteria is completely different , and you can make the same molecule .
They use this molecule as a language to communicate with communication .
This is a virus of bacteria .
And once we learned that , we know that bacteria can use this molecule to communicate with each other .
But we started thinking , maybe we could use this to make some sort of work .
And I 've told you that bacteria are social behavior , and they 're using these molecules .
And of course , I also told you , one of the main things is that they use Photoshop .
Are we going to think that we can make these bacteria or the Rover ?
It 's not a new antibiotic ?
And of course , you 've heard , and you know that we have n't worked very effective antibiotics .
Now , the bacteria has all these incredible infections , and this is because it 's all about bacteria .
And they 're either storing bacteria , which is simply blocking bacteria to replicate themselves .
And when we put it in a conventional anti - angiogenic vet , we have a nuclear load of mutations .
So , we have global infections .
We thought , if we could change the behavior of these bacteria , just let bacteria do n't talk , they could n't move , and they did n't know when they were attacked .
And this is what we 've done .
First , we alter the communication system .
We created some kind of molecules for molecules like molecules , and you can see it 's a little bit different .
So , they 're going to get into these receptor , and the real molecules really really matter .
Now , the red system , as you can see , can create a molecule , or to the diseases of diseases .
We also did the same thing with stroke systems .
We use this universal molecule to do something that we 've done , and they 're all connected to communication system .
We want these molecules to be used for antibiotics , for all bacteria .
And finally , I just talked about strategy .
In this case , we just use across Virginia , but the mind logic is the same .
You all know , when bacteria enter the animal , the example is that it 's going to be a little bit of a mouse , it 's not going to start the trauma .
And it goes into it , and it starts to roll it up and started to release its <unk> pattern .
And when it 's enough , the bacteria is able to figure out , and start attacked and then the mouse dies .
And what we 're doing is , in the meanwhile , we add us to the root of the mutation molecule , and it looks like a matter of an object , but it 's a little bit different than me .
We 're discovering that if you get the experimental animal to infect a lot of sterile bacteria , but at the same time , we 're going to get rid of the healing molecule , the animals can survive .
We think it should be the next generation of antibiotics , and it will make us , at least in the beginning , to tackle bacteria bacteria .
And I hope you can think that bacteria can talk to each other , they use chemicals as a language , and they have extreme chemistry , we 're now just going to start learning these issues .
And of course , because these technicians make bacteria seem like a lot of cell organisms .
So , like TED 's spirit , they 're working with each other , because it 's going to be happening .
And the bacteria is because there are these collective behaviors , so that if they 're not going to do it , it will never be done .
And I would like to convince you that this is the origin of all kinds of cell organisms .
The bacteria has been living over billions of years , and there are only 23,000 people .
We think that the organization of the bacteria is made of more cells .
We think , by studying bacteria , we 're going to be able to get more cells for the people in our bodies .
We 've been able to know the basic rules , if we can get away from these primitive creatures , these rules have hope to be applied to other diseases and behavior .
I want you to learn bacteria that can distinguish you .
With these two molecules , they express " and " you . "
And of course , this is not just the way we 're doing this in the molecular level , but it 's just a little bit of a lot of me thinking about this molecule level .
That 's exactly what 's happening in your body .
Your heart and kidney cells do n't do it every day , because it 's because you have a whole range of chemicals in your body , and these molecules can distinguish different cells and they should work on the task .
Again , we think that the bacteria invented this mechanism , and you 're just a little bit of Legos , but all the concepts have in this simple system .
In the end , just once again , the actual applications in this study , which is that we 've created these stars , and they 're being developed as a new generation of treatments .
In order to inspire all of the world 's benefits of life on Earth , we 've also created the word " ambigram . "
So we 've stitched these systems , let these molecules work better .
Keep you out in your body , and there 's more than a bacteria you can do with your cell cells and they keep you healthy .
We 're trying to mobilize the bacteria you and your team , and make you healthy , let 's make it better . Let 's do it more good for bacteria to do what they do . Do n't let them do that .
Finally , I want you to look at me at Princeton University , Princeton .
And I 'd like to tell you a little bit about this , which is what people do .
And I hope that when you learn things , it 's how nature works , and I just want to say , whenever you see things in the newspaper , or you hear something about nature , the fun things are made out of young people .
Science is made by this age .
And these two , 30 percent young young people are pushing the product of this country .
I really am really fortunate to work with those young people .
And I was constantly the age of old , but they were a really good job to do it , and it was a great job to work .
I 'm going to thank you for sharing .
It 's a great honor to participate .
Thank you .
Fulbright
Democracy is the freedom of democracy in the citizens of Rwanda , unfortunately , but in this fiery interesting talk , the audience is involved in a case of a very interesting story , and there 's a one of the things that you 've been talking about .
Rover , MacArthur , philosophy , politics , sports
<unk>
Michael Pollan : The Darwinian dream of democracy
The same thing , the world needs , and this country is going to be the same , this world is very , very important , but it 's a better way to do politics for political leaders , which is a way of doing politics .
We need an unexpected debate of democracy , art art , and we need bipartisan leaders .
We need an unexpected debate of democracy and art art thinking that a lot of the people who are talking about the discussion is that most of it is in the television game , most of the TV is made in a different way , or Congress .
I have a clue .
And if you look at the focus of the game , you know , about the finance industry , the manager of finance , and what you see in the financial sector : " Name a profit , " for finance : the private sector , for example , to deal with the fiscal system , against the finance industry , to heal the financial sector , defending the military and vice with marriages and <unk> ♫ ♫ Sweeney : Okay ?
And in these questions , there are a couple of questions that are deeply controversial , and the problem of morality is that there 's a lot of controversy about morality , which is a little controversial and ethical problem for controversy , a few questions about religious , ethical issues , <unk> issues .
Unfortunately , we have a lot of problems or talk about the big questions about moral debate , which are very , very few questions that we 're talking about or talked about , and the problem of the discussion is that it 's a very good problem to discuss the ethical issues of politics and talk to politics , in the political debate .
So what I 'd like to do today is talk to you about a discussion .
First of all , I wanted to quote a Greek famous philosopher about tuna and ethics , and I want to express an ancient Greek philosopher who 's about justice and morality , which I think I 'd like to talk about if a piano musician is going to be the case of transitioning to what 's going on in the way we 're looking at the mathematics and the dreams of the statements , the first one that I 'm thinking about , is to look at what the theory is and how we can see and discuss the
I 'm going to start talking , ready ?
Aristotle : The tender means that it means to give people their prayers : justice means they 're giving people what they 're all about .
Okay , follow the conversation .
Okay , so you might say , " Well , you know , this is true .
But the question is , who should we get ? But what is the argument ? What 's the problem ?
For example , suppose we 're going to level out .
For example , suppose we 're going to level out .
Who should you get the best chance ?
How do you say that ? How would you say ?
Who should you get the best legs ?
They 're just going to move up .
Audience : A lot of people said , " Some people say random random underground . "
Or they had to be a little bit .
Other ideas ?
Audience : " For your best hand , " somebody said to the best hands of your hands . "
Somebody said to the appropriate ones .
How many of you think it should be the best of your hand ?
How many of you think it should be the best of your hand ?
And in fact , that 's what Aristotle said .
And in fact , Mr. Heifetz 's reply , but it 's more important .
Raise your hands on the hands of your hand : why do you think the best hand of the hand is going to get the greatest fill - up hand ? Raise hands for you , you know , " Why do n't you bother your best hands ? ♫ ♫ Together : ♫ You know why the best hands of your hand is going to get the best of your hands ?
Peter : The biggest one .
Narrator : The highest best of all : the best news is , we can hear a best music .
Social : The biggest thing is that the best steps have to be best , we can hear the greatest music of music : the most best one , and we 're able to hear a best music , we can hear the best music .
You 're Peter ? Audience : Yes , Peter .
Okay , good news .
Okay , good news .
There 's good music to listen , and our lives have better music .
But Peter , the reason , Aristotle , is very different from you , but Bateson , who does n't really have a different problem .
And of course it does n't .
And the reason why is why to put the best <unk> , Mr. Gore , who has another reason to ask why , why are you going to dedicate the best one to put it , Aristotle has another reason , Michael has a different reason .
And he said , " That 's what the significance of it is , it 's been a perfect place to say , and he says that there is a meaning in the perfect sense , which is that the purpose of the word " -- that 's the point of what 's going on .
And he said , in order to discuss what 's going on in synchrony , he says , for example , how to deal with the same thing , we have to talk about this stuff or the purpose of purpose or meaning , and the meaning of meaning and meaning -- and what we need to do is to address the thing or what it is that we 're going to be talking about , whether we 've got to engage in this kind of thing and purpose , or significance .
And the natural purpose of this is to make a good music for creating a beautiful music , to create a very beautiful piece of music .
And if we were able to do that , it was a happy outcome , and we would have a choice if it did .
But talking about Aristotle , Aristotle said , " But talk about how we have to think about what we 're thinking about , and what 's the fundamental thing about the problem is that it 's really fundamental to the question , but what it really is , what you need to do with the problems , the psychological , or what the mental , really , to predict , is really what is going on .
Narrator : One of the best ideas to take the top step , the reason is that one thing that is best to put their best <unk> , one is the goal , and it 's not just to give you the audience , but it is n't just about advocating for a audience and believe that a great misunderstanding is just more responsible to regret , to be responsible for their audience ; it does n't necessarily just give your audience a little bit more than just invites your listeners and trust the popular musicians , which are not
And of course , the recursion may look very little , and certainly , it might look tiny .
Let 's take a look at the competition of fair justice , and let 's see a debate about a modern battle .
He 's about golf .
A few years ago , Casey Sobule : A couple of Years ago -- dare Casey talks about him ?
He was a very good family , but he had an appointment , and he was an incredibly good married ball . He had a disability .
And he has a bad question , and the problem is that the wind is very difficult to get him to go down and down , and it 's very difficult to walk down to him .
In addition , he 's too easy to injury .
And he asked them , and the career in the professional Fire , who asked him , is the job of a career at the University of Alabama , with the family belt , to put him on the fire fracas , using her family .
The request was taken out .
And the reason is , " Make a little difference . "
Martin Drori , in the case of what he 's crying in , and the thing is appealing to Martin Martin , which is the same thing that 's not going to be used to you , to believe that you 're not supposed to get to a home for a golf ball , whether you have to fill a family in order to take a long time , if you do n't know what to do with the family , it has to have a real impact on the content , but it does n't need to change the
Martin said , " A good 12 , I wish I 'd join the game . "
Martin said , " A good 12 , I wish I 'd join the game . "
" But I need a golf car for me to help me on the outside , " but I needed a school car to get me in the outside . "
Assuming you assume that you 're in the best court on the nicest court .
Assuming you want to get it to the case , assume you 're going to take this case .
How many of you would think of it as a council of Rupert Martin ? Anybody at home -- how many people think about Casey 's Adam ?
How many people do n't agree with him ?
Okay , we 've got to do it for Rupert Murdoch , Martin Martin William .
Okay , we 've got to do it for Rupert Murdoch , Martin Martin William .
Do n't agree with your hands .
And so on .
Do n't agree with Casey 's Martin Song , who 's not going to tell you why they 're not agreeing with the people who have n't agreed to get experts to know what 's going on . ♫ Sobule : You know , Josh Friedman shows a good reason to publish the rules .
♫ Sobule : Hold your hands on the hands of hands .
What 's your problem ?
" Well , " it causes a fundamental advantage to other people , and he could get a promotion , it would make a compelling advantage of catastrophe , he would be able to do it .
Okay , I think most of you do n't agree with who he uses to take a cart , and it 's a good idea , but I want most to agree on the people who use his legs , all the way to the person who is going to be able to do it .
So what about the people who agree with him ? So , what are those people going to do ?
What 's your good reason to tell them ?
Well , you know .
" Websites are part of the race itself . "
How do you call this ? "
We give them a pizza , and you can talk about what we can do with a stick .
We said , " Well , why do you say that he should be allowed to use the house to get a cart to take care of us ? "
" Frost are not a part of play . "
But is n't it going to go from one to another to the other ?
" It does n't matter , it 's not the part of the race . "
Was n't that part of a race walk ?
Christopher , " I 'm " not . "
Okay , so that 's what you say .
Okay , so that 's what you 're talking about , who wants to respond to the dictionary ?
Anybody who wanted to respond to the role of the celebrity ?
How do you say ?
" Pete fever is a very important part of the game , and it contains a really important piece of walking around the ball , " ♫ Sweeney : It 's a matter of competition . "
Just walk on the ball and walk into the game ? "
Just walk on the ball and walk into the game ? "
How do you call ? "
How do you call ? "
PH : What do you say to that ?
Christopher : I kept my theory . "
Girl 2 : " I keep my theory , " Do you recline ? "

Voice 2 : " I 'm not a good dancer .
PH : " Well , I 'm not talking about " good . " You see , this is interesting . That 's fun .
In this case , a few dentists came up with a couple of dozen pounds of houses , and a little bit of the size of this situation , which led to a couple of 13 dentists in this case , came up with a few dentists in this case .
Do you want to talk about what 's going on at the polling stations ?
They came up with Jack Harlan and blankets .
And guess what they said ?
Yes , they agreed to think about it .
And they said , " Well , it 's a very , very healthy activity , and they say , you know , they walk in the Houston walk .
But this is the very important part of a golf ball .
So , for example , Martin Luther King Change this dynamic , so therefore , let 's see the nature of a golf ball in order to change this movement , and therefore gives him a sense of what 's going on .
And then what 's interesting about this is the interesting thing to do with this , and I 'm going to talk a little bit about this .
Sheryl Nina : The DARPA
guess what ?
Ron Berry agreed to tell Martin Martin , and he could use his golf tracker to agree with Martin investors .
They won the lottery .
It 's a very interesting thing about what they 're talking about , and one of the things that 's interesting about them is that they 've been discussing with the discussion of what 's going on in our discussion , which is the fun thing to get to the psychological justice industry , it depends on what the capitalization is , what it is to determine what makes the difference .
And the top point is that this problem has been a little bit of a big breakup of the problem , and this is a problem that unfolds in a very small way .
And the idea is that it 's standing in most people , and he 's looking at all of the people who read all the time at the racetrack , which is the case : this movement is a very small ball , so that 's what 's going on on the side of a black hole , that this is what it looks like , it is going to be a tiny ball -- it does n't have a little ball coming out of it , but it turns out , you know , the pattern is really not
There are two balconies that are different , and one of them is , he does n't agree with the <unk> .
One of them is called Craig , and he does n't agree with the reason he 's anti - Prince .
Because he against most of the people who associate it for most people , because he was against Aristotle 's Aristotle because it was provoked by Aristotle to think about Aristotle .
And he said to define the nature of Nyota , which is a impossible thing to do , and he 's talking about the natural causes of housework and the mood of the movement , and he says to define the natural causes of housework .
His name is :
" What 's wrong with something is that it 's nature , which is to say whether it works to make a goal , " and " Things are nature . "
But the natural thing that 's going on is the essence of the pattern , but the nature of choice is that it 's the same thing the way that the circuitry is going to be the most important , and it is a very important importance to the production of labor , which is an essential principle of making labor to work , so it does n't have a matter to build the workforce and so therefore , there 's no way of dealing with the rules that are meaningful in the process -- so that there is no
So this is the recipe for Aristotle to ask Aristotle about Aristotle , and that 's what 's going on with Aristotle .
And what he 's proposing is that there are two reasons why he has a lot of fun , because there 's two things that he 's got to do because of two things .
First of all , there is no real happy movement to say this .
First of all , there is no really happy movement to say that if we love the rules of what we like , it 's just something that we 're all talking about , and if you love what 's going on on the right side of the movement , if the role of our work is just a little bit closer , not just to give us a good job , instead of having a lot of attention , but we do n't have to have a better position to perform the sports and the <unk> , rather than
Here 's another one .
On the surface , it looks like a leader of a golf ball , looking at the discussion of the golf car , and it seemed to be a discussion about a conversation about the debate about <unk> , which is not fair ; it 's an inconvenience .
But if it 's a threat to the game , there is a clear solution , but if you 're threatened by the race of the threat , then there 's an obvious solution .
What ? " Try all the time .
They allow everybody to take their homes , and they just want to use them to get their bed nets , as they want them to use .
And this is the problem of fair justice .
But I thought , if you want everybody to do it , but I think if everyone is going to get a headache , it might be more painful , and the family 's family may make more headache and their families , maybe to the Catholic Church , that might make a lot more headaches , even though it 's not to give a punishment .
It 's not for Casey 's Martin Martin 's case .
And the reason is : Can we use it to use the natural causes of a golf ball , which is that it 's not going to be threatened by the nature of bed nets , but to do it not just to threat the leg of the bomb 's nature , and that 's what 's going on on the question : ♫ ♫ Sobule : Mmm , " ♫ Together : What 's the problem : Josh and the mental status ? ♫ Sweeney : In this case , what is the case : Van Gogh , the
Let me just highlight it consciously : let me switch off : a very spiritual position for the house of the golf family for a golf ball , which is a little bit of quiet , and the motor campaigns of a golf ball .
And the very spirit of the golf ball is very sensitive to the housework , and they do n't have to go out , they 're not going to jump , but the family does n't get out of it , or they wo n't be able to get , you know , if they 're not going to go , they 're not going to get off .
After all , they did n't have to go out and do n't jump , and the golf family was going down and down , so if Nyota was a dynamic , if a golf ball was driving , then if the housework was attacked , we were very hard to give a promotion and we 're very difficult for accounting and confusion ; we would n't give golf to the power of the high - power power , our defenses , the respect of sports , which we really ca n't afford to donate the back - to -
And the upshot of the golf family shows , as you know , what 's the same example that 's going to be the case of what is going on at the top , like the World Trade Center , is to decide what fairness justice is , and what do you want to talk about ? What are we talking about : What is the nature of things ? With what we 're talking to -- what kind of identity is what the psychological values and morality are and the refined , but what are the things that are
A couple of years later , one of the days of modern politics : the first time for the modern political politics , is the first time for marriage .
Some people just support the traditional marriages , and some people who are only serving the conventional marriages are just a little bit of a traditional marriage , a couple of people in the very high marriages and a few people , and some people are helping ♫ ♫ Sweeney : Other Mandela . ♫ Sweeney : Sometimes some people are helping to mate with marriage .
How many of you are here in this room ? What many people have this ?
How many of you have to support this ?
Now , what 's the value of our marriages ? What about the values of justice ? So what does it mean to be a good job for the marriage of marriage ? And what do we have to worry about ? Why do you think about it ? Well , " What 's responsible for Tony ? "
Contrary to the people who are anti - Prince marriages , the primary purpose of marriages is to protect the marriage of marriage wives , who say romance , ♫ ♫ Sobule : The importance of romance is the importance to marriage , and the value of fulfillment and promises to be <unk> , drunk and encouraged .
Think about the people who are talking to Tony 's marriage said , " The only purpose of dengue is not to be ♫ ♫ Sobule : Oprah is n't the only job for marriages . ♫ Sweeney : It 's not just marriage , you know , it 's the question of marriage .
You 've forgotten a little bit of a gecko , and you 've got to say , " Do you want to get a look ? It 's marriage ? "
So , whether it 's distributed , and the 12 percent of the time , or the recess at the high school , the marriage of Dr. John Maeda , Mr. Gore , who said , " There 's a lot of truth .
If you 're not first talking about social organization , and it 's worth caring about the value of social organizing , if you do n't first talk about society , they 're going to be really hard to engage with social organizations , but if the first thing is not to discuss the importance of society .
Now let 's make these examples , and look at what inspired us right now , to make sure that what 's exciting to us to get to the U.S. government and the world of politics , the political debate of the United States , but to help us get the politics of improve America or the global leaders of America , for politics and world politics .
Now there 's this tendency , thinking that if we 're faced with politics , there is a kind of tendency to think about the moral issue that we have to confront , which is , if you 're facing politics and think of the ethical issues , it 's very easy to make a difference , and it makes it easy , to cause each other to the other side of what 's going on to them , so it can cause them to do it very easily .
So the best thing is to avoid these religious and ethical questions , and so the great news is that it 's going to scare those religions and the big questions that are going on to the top of the religions , so this is a big question -- so that 's a great question to avoid these religious and ethical issues ?
And I think that what we 're talking about is the fact that the truth of our discussion is that there 's a better way of looking at the reality of what 's going on in their lives , and it 's better to confront the ethical problem of the life of everyday life , which is something that is really good for people to talk about politics , not to give people the most ethical moral ethical ethical responsibility , rather than trying to attract people 's moral responsibility and not ask people about what the moral problem is
In my opinion , this is an appointment , a form of democracy , and I think it 's a way of transitioning to a democracy that we 've lost for granted , which is the way we do it , I think , it 's a way of transitioning to a democracy , and it 's an appointment .
Thank you very much .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
Thanks very much .
Thank you .
Chris
Thank you , Chris .
Chris Anderson : It 's an appointment , and it 's a genius of marriages and marriages , ladies and gentlemen : ♫ from the ground to marriage , that 's genius . ♫ Sobule : From the tunnel , ♫ ♫ William Faulkner , " and this is a monster .
You 're one of the leading projects of education , which is the first couple of projects that you have .
You 're one of the leading projects of education , which is the first couple of projects that you have .
What are you expected to anticipate ?
Michael Pollan : I think my plan is possible .
In class , I asked students to have a lot of political ideas , and the moral ideas of what they 're talking about in the classroom , where I let students have some major political themes and they compete with a very big political theme and then the ethical ideas that I 'm going to offer students in schools , which is the main leader of my students , in which I ask students .
I think we can do this more regularly .
My final dream is that we put our early television on a series of television online , and my final dreams are , let 's put it in a map of the Internet , where I end up making a whole set of people in the lab and then , in order to make a list of free people to look at the Web and the content , to the family , for the same group of democracy , as well as the United States , the education Foundation , which is more democratic and educated and , you know
Chris Anderson : And so your prediction is , Chris : So what 's your estimate of the future , in a moment where you can go from the next one to China and India ? Can you come from China to see this kind of open conversation ?
Michael Pollan : Yeah , we 've traveled to the audience in Long Beach and Florida , which is right , and we 're going to talk to you about this discussion in Harvard and a thousand students at Harvard University , where we have a dozen students with 1,000 students .
And if you think of it as a matter of serious serious problems , exploration , and if it 's very serious , if we think about it , it is a big problem , exploring the way of thinking about this kind of thing , which is that if there 's a really serious problem of dreaming , you know , what 's going on in this way is , in fact , a great deal of success , or in the middle of Mumbai , from the same time , to be in a way that is really
And that 's what you 're talking about with a virtual community , which is what I want to do .
And all of you used to sit with a virtual classroom , and this is what I wanted to do : Chris : I believe a lot of people are willing to join this business , Chris .
Michael Norton : Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/al_seckel_says_our_brains_are_mis_wired.html
The University of Michigan Harlan was thought that the aging disease was just a disease -- an illness , which is an ad - based disease , and the human race , by the way , is to avoid it .
aging , biotech , disease , engineering , future , health care , science , technology , sports
190
Dr. Oscar de King said , we could avert the date .
Eighteen minutes is a very tight driver , so I 'm talking to the theme of my theme , and I 'll start with it .
Okay , I 'm going to talk about five different things .
One , I 'm going to talk about why <unk> is possible .
Two , I 'm going to talk about why we have to do it , and we 're talking about this topic , and we realize that we should keep going forward .
And of course , three , I 'm going to talk about the viability threshold .
Four , I want to talk about why we 're going to do this kind of stuff in human populations , thinking about it .
And then I 'm going to talk to you about the bottom of the puzzle , and I might talk about how we prove this to recline and think of it .
And this is what I would like to talk about two steps .
And the first step is how to take care of a long - distance period -- and I think that I define it for 30 years , and in the middle of the year , it 's been used at the age of 30 , until a really - called initiation problem .
In this case , it 's essentially decreasing your older age , and you 're going to die between your last year or disease .
And the last thing is , the second step , and what I 'm going to talk about is how to make a zillion , that will give us a long time to keep a long - 30 life technology .
Okay , so I 'm going to start with a lifetime of life .
Now , I want to ask a question .
Anybody in the audience agree with malaria ? Raise your hands , please .
Well , it 's very simple .
OK . Okay . Now , do n't you know the malaria is good or good for the good hand ?
Okay . So , we all think , malaria is a bad thing .
This is a great news because I think it 's the answer .
Now I want you to think that we think of malaria as a bad reason , because malaria and grades has common characteristics .
The properties are all killed .
The only real difference is that the number of people killed more than malaria are killed by malaria .
Now , I like the audience , particularly at the people in England , compared to a couple of days and hunting flights , and the forest Fox is the initiation of the government .
I mean , I know that the audience is supposed to be most anti - Mart , but we know , a lot of people are not quite accountable .
In my opinion , it 's actually a good one .
You know , a lot of people say , " You 're not responsible for what you 're in the city to do what we can do .
And this is part of the people who live in the countryside , and we should have power to do it .
This is an accelerated ecosystem , and it controls the number of times . "
But the government finally ended up , because most of the British public public services , the conclusion of Congress , is that this is the case of a civilization - empowerment society .
And I think the human race has these characteristics , and it 's a hard level .
What 's hard to understand ?
It 's certainly not just life , it 's also about health to healthy , because whether people think of whether they 're fun to die , the body is more likely to get to the other , and the tragedy is going to depend on other people 's feelings to do that .
So this is actually what I wanted to describe to the human species .
This is a global future .
This is a marvelous triumph of efficacy for aging .
And I mean , well , I 'm not saying that these seals are completely useless .
Now , these are some good positive dynamics , such as we should think of , and there are a couple of things that are going to be done , to try to get a barrage of blindness that we 're aiming at at the age of aviation , right ?
But if you really measure them , they 're completely crazy !
You know , the mosquito argument is reasonable , and it 's worth caring about .
But the question is , does n't it be dangerous to get the risks of the date ?
Are these eight - year - old risks , so that 's worse than the fate of bed nets ?
You know , if you do n't have a much more powerful argument about this argument , instead of wasting my time , that 's what I 'm going to do .
And the idea is that there are some people who think that it 's really powerful , and we 're talking about it .
People were worried about overpopulation , and they said , " Well , if we beat a date , we do n't have a human death , or at least the death of death -- it 's only going to be the only way to get rid of Santa Barbara .
So we do n't need a lot of kids , but kids are very important for most people . "
And this is true .
You know , a lot of people try to get economists and give it the answer .
I do n't agree with these answers . I think they 're not .
And I think it 's real , and we 're going to face a lot of that .
We have to decide whether there is a low volume , or a high death rate .
Idris , the death rate of marketing , death fever , is the equivalent of death and treatment , and , of course , we have a lot of kids .
And I think this is not a problem -- the next generation of humankind , is that it 's a choice for this choice .
It 's not the right and wrong thing to do with the next generation .
If we 're not going to be able to develop these [ bleep ] , we do n't develop a long - bore therapy , then we 'll get our children to never live forever forever , because they 're very young , but because we have a promotion , it 's enough to do that , I think , there is no longer time to evolve to have these treatments , and we can do it for a longer life .
This is my response to overpopulation .
Okay , so the next thing is , why should we be here ?
And the most fundamental answer is that , of course , the Mecho - Geckos is the beginning of the first time , and it does n't look like a stupid way of looking at it .
It 's a very clever way of knowing when they 're not going to avoid them .
It 's a sin of fear , but it 's inevitable , so we have to keep this idea from our head , symmetry to change what we want to do .
For example , human beings are going to come up with a very good reason to explain what 's going on .
And of course , the reason of these [ unclear ] ] is that there are two connections that are opening up , the first one is opening .
And as long as you can see that part of this part , we can start to get the test ahead of dengue , and it 's a very early question .
And the second time that they 're going to be the first time is to dig people out of the beginning of the day .
And this is why we have to continue to ask and talk about this , and I might even say -- to attract people , to give people a sense of what they 're thinking about .
And I 'm talking about this .
I 'm going to talk about three ways , whistle the viability threshold .
And it turns out , I think , why we thought we were inevitable , and it could be used for a long time , as a result .
It 's a very simple notion .
Leibniz was a long - lived effect , which means that the side side of the side is the side side .
It 's not just the same trick , and it 's a reasonable statement .
And aging is basically a process of life , and it 's happening in the same way that the automobiles , although our bodies have a lot of smart self - organizing mechanisms , because they do n't have any -- we 're still going to die .
Essentially , basically , it means -- in fact , in our bodies , all of the chemicals that are going to make us live every day , there 's side effects .
And these are the activities that are going to happen , and eventually ultimately resulted in the death rate .
It 's a good definition . So , we can express this , and we say , you know , that we have a series of events .
And for most people , for consent , only two ways .
And these are two ways of regulating and bullying .
And the doctor 's going to be able to get a long time after a person who 's ever experienced it , and they 're doing a lot of treatment to try and stop the age of time and to stop it so quickly .
And , of course , this is a very brief strategy , because it causes the power to die , and these are the side effects that are going to be more than a lot more .
It 's more hopeful that the surface of the brain looks more hopeful , because you know , prevent saving .
But unfortunately , it 's very expensive to understand the celebrity .
In fact , we have a little amount of poor foods about biology -- we 're not quite sure .
And even for the power of how a cell works , like a couple of years , it 's made of a hundred years ago , and we 're discovering it 's a couple years ago .
Basically , if we 're going to talk about sustainable life - life treatments in our lifetime , it will be a good way to do it , but it 's a great way of looking at it .
Now , what about this ?
I mean , it 's a good logic , right ?
But it does n't .
In my telling you why not before , I 'm talking about the second stage .
And we assume , if I say , we 're -- assuming we 've been able to say today -- there are a lot of people who are now in the middle of the Cold War , assuming it 's more than 30 years of health care .
I call it a robust breed . Okay .
So , what 's the difference between people in the age of different ages , or the same thing , when these treatments have been a different approach ? They 're going to live a little longer ?
You might think it 's simple , but it does n't mean it 's easy .
We ca n't just say , " Well , if they 're young , then they do n't have to go to the same way , and they get more than 30 years of time . "
That 's wrong .
And the wrong reason is because progress .
For those of us who are treated , science has two options .
The first is the general progress , and then the second is that the fourth step is going to change and improve their efficient trends .
It 's a very , very different amount of time .
We 're very hard to predict how much of this leads to a breakthrough .
Human beings might be possible to think about flying on the sky for a few years , but it 's going to take a long time to see how to fly .
But then the technology of the human flight is very difficult to develop .
And I think this is a very high - tech technology that causes a dynamic technology .
We can imagine every step of these technologies that are going on at the end of the decade .
It 's better than ever before .
In every scientific breakthrough , you see these nonlinear development development .
And there are many techniques .
So for example , the computer , and the flying technology , is just the same time .
You can take a look at technology technology , like health , vaccine , antibiotics , same kinds of things .
So , I think there are two steps , and I 'm called a query and no one .
In fact , the young people are going to benefit from these experiments , and they can cause people to survive , even though these people have been doing it , when they 're trying to cure the cure of treatment .
Most of them spend a lot of time to accept dynamic treatment , thereby making them 30 years and even 50 years .
In other words , they were impressed by the speed of a sudden .
The incidence of healing is more accelerated than treated with therapy .
This is a very important one I want to say .
Because , many of you heard me agree with a lot of people who are living on a thousand or more years , and they 're all thinking , " Oh , we 're going to invent it all over the years and learn how to get to a hundred - thousand - year - time treatment .
I 'm not saying that .
And what I said is that the speed of life - life treatments will continue enough to keep people alive .
And these treatments , I think , never could possibly be perfect , but we 're going to be able to do it for people who are dying to treat what they 're dying for .
And then we 're not going to be able to study three , four - tenths of the people who have been treated for three or four million people .
And I call it a long - term business , and it 's going to be a very fast way to get to death , and it 's called <unk> .
This is a very easy one .
And that 's what we 're hoping to expect in the rest of the world , to measure it to their healthy health , and it 's going to be a little bit easier to heal .
If you 've been in a hundred years , or you 're 80 years old , you might be very hard to do what you do , because you ca n't do it because your time does n't have a lot of time .
You could n't avoid early grades .
But if you do it , you might be like the one that I just wanted to describe to get rid of the age of dengue fever , and you could n't just survive , a little bit of your 15-year - old , in your body and your mind , your life was more young , as you die in the body .
And , of course , if you ca n't get a chance to get away , you might never get out of the age of dying , and it 's not going to be a long time .
So , this is a real conclusion that I get , which is the first [ one ] , " we do n't know what the old one is going to be in the age of ages , because we 're not sure we have a chance to get to the top of the year -- how long is it ? "
But the first one , I think , is that people have lived for a thousand people -- of course , in the global warming -- in fact , there 's only about a long time than I say to the young people , the young ones .
It 's very important to think about it .
OK , I 'm going to leave you with the rest of this talk , and I 'll talk about what I call the first steps , which is how do we get this first period of life - time treatments ?
And to do that , I need to say a little bit about rats .
I have one of these very dynamic dynamics .
I 'm not very imaginative about compassion , and it 's a very high - tech technology .
What 's this ?
It 's a long - term mouse , which is the average one that will live for three or three years .
We 're completely overwhelmed by them until they 're two years .
And then we made a whole bunch of things , using those treatments , to keep them alive , trying to make them survive to five years .
So , in other words , we start putting these rats , and they took two years of life , and they were the three times their lives .
The next question is , what are we talking about ?
We can now , as I 've explained , put it into a robust human vector or a long time .
Second , is the first one from our first mouse , and how do we get these things ?
And thirdly , the question is , how many people want to avoid early retirement ? How does this work ?
My point is , the first question is that the biology problem is very hard to answer .
One person has to be very hard , and a lot of my colleagues would say , we should n't do this kind of meditation , until we 're going to get out of the way .
I think it 's a mess .
It was silent , absolute torture .
We need to give us the best insight of the framework , so that we can make a concept that they can evaluate their trails .
So , I said , for 15 years of technology , we have a very high - powered technology that we 've got about 50 years to make a significant impact on technology technology .
It 's a very strong technology for 15 years .
This is probably going to be a good idea .
Because people often underestimate the scientific progress of science .
So they might think about five years .
They might be wrong , but it 's actually not really important .
And finally , of course , I think the general reason that the public is about aging , which is what I 've been talking about right now : the international strategy of the global world .
It 's going to be historic , because the public will not think that it 's a human self - inevitable because it has been very effective in the body .
So , we might see that people have a huge impact on people , and this is going to be very powerful .
To tell you about how we get these rats , I 'm going to add a little bit of a piece of time that I 'm going to describe .
And I 'd like to use this readout , which is that all the things that are made out of the celebrities , and then ultimately resulted in death .
Because the key thing is , although it 's not just the end of the year , they 're going to start accumulating something that we 're born with , and we 've been accumulating things all over the course of our lives .
But these damage are not part of the teddy bear .
It 's good for us .
Because we can reframe our original picture .
And we can say that there 's not a difference between what we 're trying to do , and it 's going to try to get rid of the effects of Coke 's side , to avoid the positive effects of the destruction , the velocity .
I wait to explain what I call " overwhelmed " in biology .
PH : Just try to take a consequence of what 's going on , the consequence of getting rid of those " bug " .
For example , death . This is a soccer system , because it 's broken .
And if we look at it , the third approach .
We can call it the method method , and I think the engineering approach is in human technology , technology .
It does n't interfere with any of any chairs that we have in the body .
It does n't interfere with this process , it 's not obeying this .
It 's good because it means that it 's not a celebrity , and it is something that we can do right now , but it does n't have to do anything about human evolution .
It 's just just to say , " We 've done all these different kinds of different types of damage -- they do n't have to be able to revise -- but they 're not going to hurt us to avoid a cause of death or disease . "
We know that the existence of this is because we 're only going to get the diseases of the age of age and age , even though it 's made out of us .
Why I said , " Well , what 's going on in the technology of the human race ? " That 's basically why .
This is the key plank of this picture .
And if we 're trying to say that the part of the section is that it 's a very important impact on the process , that we might have to be here , because every single one of them is going to have a impact in it .
This list is just one example , which is not unique .
The list on the right is not unique .
They 're just a list of age as a age of age .
But the middle of this is the whole list of footage , and all the action effects have been called " Predators , " and ultimately resulted in the willingness to die , or maybe causing a factor of a nuclear change .
And this list is only 70 percent .
Of course the seven are , but only seven .
The cells lose the cells , the liver mutations , the genetic mutations .
First , I want to tell you a little explanation about why I think this list is completely .
Of course , we can use biological views .
Can you say , well , what do we do ?
We are things from cells and cells .
" Do you know ? "
And the answer is , in fact , the molecule , because if a single life is destroyed , it will be destroyed by a long time of life , and it 's just like a protein that 's damaged -- the destruction of the protein 's damaged .
So the saddest place for paralysis must be a very high - resolution molecule .
So , a lot of the time in this reason is that this seven things , it 's been a long time long to talk about it , and this is a very good news , because that 's a great news because it means that although we have a tremendous achievement on biology , the list is really a good sign for that .
And this news is better than you , because we know how to solve all these things in mice -- and I call it the principle that we might actually really have to really do it for a decade .
Some of them are in southern Africa , and especially in the top .
Girl 2 : I do n't have time to explain one of the time , but my conclusion is , if we can get the right money , then we might have succeeded , and we may be successful in the last 10 years -- but we really need to think about it .
We need real time .
For the audience , you might have some questions , and I 'll answer you .
You might be a little bit disappointed about this talk , but you have to read this in Discover Magazine .
I 've published a lot of these early pieces of data , and I have these studies that are optimistic about human technology and the details of the human being , but there 's lots of things .
And the details of these details are more powerful than me here .
If you think I 'm wrong , I hope you can look at these profiles and go and explain why you 're wrong .
And the main thing is that you should not believe that it 's a person who 's not supposed to be the person 's people , because if you have radical ideas , the mainstream people have a little bit to heal and do n't worry about it .
So , you have to really be ready to work , to understand if this is the case .
We came up with the first time .
And one of the things you 're going to hear is that you 'll listen to a guy in the front meeting , and when he said he could tell the human genome , they said , " This is impossible . Everyone says , " This is impossible . "
But you know .
This is happening .
We have different strategies -- Cynthia Papert , which is basically a catalyst of innovation , and you think it 's possible to make life possible -- if success is successful , you can do it .
And there 's a plan for organizing organization .
But it 's going to require a lot of time .
I mean , how much money do you see in Iraq ?
No longer . Okay .
And the best part of this research is -- private charities , because profit - based research , but I think it 's -- I 'm proposing , I proposed these solitary cycles and progress , and basically 90 percent of the time .
Because we know how to do it , I 'll just say .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : Okay . I do n't know if you have a problem , but I want to give them a chance .
Audience : Because if you 're talking about aging , and try to rectify it , why would you look like a man ?
Dr. Oscar article : Because I was a man . I 'm actually 100 million dollars .
Narrator : The species evolved on the planet , in order to fight all kinds of diseases , to make people living enough for enough age .
But I know , all of the species evolved to be really going to death , so , when it 's a little bit more likely to die , it turns out to be a little longer , and eventually the species die .
So , why does evolution seem to be looking for sheep ? Is it just the process of evolution ?
Christopher Francis : Okay , thank you so much for a question I can do with a controversial answer .
I 'm going to tell you the answer to the mainstream mind , and I also agree with this answer . And that is , it 's not , you know , not a evolution process , just developing the process of evolution .
In other words , we 're going to date early , because there 's not a long time ; it 's because -- because you need more genetic approaches , your genes need to be more complex , and you have to get a little bit more complicated , but you want to put it in a very granular way , the more the evolution of the problem .
So , to evolve to the evolution of evolution , it does n't care about the individuals , or a long time or more of it , and it 's a very , very dynamic way , which is why different species have different lifespans , but that 's why not the species .
Chris Anderson : These genes do n't care , but we care ?
Dr. Oscar , yes .
Audience : Well , Houston . I heard of the last 20 years of life on the planet 's life .
If I had no accident , if I did n't have any accident on my scooter , I would be able to live .
And that means , I 'm going to be you as if you can live for a thousand years ?
Christopher Francis : If you could fly a little bit .
Your data is a little bit mad .
The standard number is , you know , life has been growing up for two two years .
So it 's not as well as you think .
But I 'm going to go ahead and close it fast to a long year .
Audience : I 'm told that a lot of our adult cells , actually , in astronomy , and the cells have lived over and over .
If the fact that the truth is , what is the impact of availability ?
If all of the cells in my body , I can live up to the <unk> , and is not a typical one in the two months ?
Dr. Oscar , of course , is technology .
And basically what we need to do is replace a couple of cells in the brain , particularly neurons , but we do n't want to take any more cell than that , because it 's going to reduce the cognitive functions .
And I just said that no one species was a little bit smaller .
There are a couple of species that do n't have a long time like this , because they 're not a nervous system -- there are no long - term cells that have a long time .
http://www.ted.com/talks/eric_dishman_take_health_care_off_the_mainframe.html
Singer - songwriter Thomas Fowler is going to take five traditional women to use it to go to the countryside , and success has helped the security industry that 's safe to have damage to an infection in the TED Prize . In TED , she shares the importance of these values .
business , politics , women
<unk>
Thomas Dolby : How women have helped the women 's protection
In the past , the Rover was relatively easy , because the last few years was almost almost as much as we were in our country , and I was basically standing here in the country .
But in the last 10 years , it was due to a couple of events .
First of all , you know what we 're going to do .
It 's very severe , even though people put us in eBay .
The 99 stars , they 're not going to be able to get up .
And then he took it out , and it was completely destruction of everybody and your friends , or President Obama .
By the way , the name of the volcano was called " The Oprah Album . "
Your media works .
I 'm not here today to share these two things .
And I 'm here to talk about the story of the <unk> company , and it 's a company that I 've been working with with the Gulf of Mexico , which is our company -- the company has been built in the last year .
Why do these two women have made a lot of fun to get to the building industry ?
In fact , it 's because we 've got the " panhomoculture . "
I 'm not saying that men are the dominant causes of genius .
But I would be able to tell you that we were like the state of the country as the Grand Canyon and the Library of Alexandria , and a man who had drunk the whole pile of <unk> , which is the business of the industry , the industry is going to be a problem of 170 .
We 've got a bit of a letdown , and the irony is not to keep the status quo , but decided to build a company in their own ideas and make women in finance .
This is happening in Iceland .
And as a matter of fact , we 're being focused on the entertainment of the female percentile female .
And it felt like a way of walking from the front of the scenes , and we were the women , we believed that we had a little bit of value and <unk> than men .
We 've taken a bunch of elites , and they 're all of the people who are <unk> , they are very good at work .
We 've been working on the verge of Iceland , the fastest time of malaria , without any flower or their customers .
And I 'm going to thank you , of course , for companies that are fortunate and the time , but we believe that our success depends on our values .
I want to share with you a little bit about this .
We insisted holism .
What does this mean ?
We believe that people should be very aware of the risks of happiness , and we do n't have a conversation about it .
That 's good to understand .
But in 2007 , nine percent of the Native Americans , financial behavior , and the market 's performance shows the risks of impulse on the board .
We believe that the language of evil is lying , and we tell people what they 're doing , the potential of what 's going on , to tell them about the bad news of the other day , like , let 's say a few months , we 've told the customers of Iceland .
And even though we work in finance , it 's going to work on a long time , but we value emotion , but we value emotion .
We think we 're equally important to the same thing .
Because , for money , they 're not going to work with their jobs .
Eventually , we insist on the principle of profits .
We care about profits .
Even though we wanted to get more economic benefits to our own selves , but we insisted that it was not just the value of money , and we thought profit was n't just about the value , it had to be more potent .
In terms of investing , we hope that social benefits and environmental interests can flourish .
And yet , we believe that these values are very important , but it 's not the choice of success .
It is a matter of opportunity .
Women grow and sustainability , and it 's going to be the most compelling investment of investment opportunity in the future .
The raising of women does n't represent women , and in fact , the difference between women and women can be able to transfer new values and skills to decision - making .
What 's good about this ? You can do more decisions , and you can avoid the chickens ' effect .
And yet , we always wondered , since Iceland has happened -- the whole continent is not very crowded , so many people say , " U.S. crashes . "
Now , since we 've been so many of the time , and the data shows that there is a couple of women who are able to ensure that you can make decisions more , what is the commercial and business ?
Will governments make change ?
I 'll tell you the truth .
Sometimes I believe it will change , and sometimes I have a problem .
We really wanted to make these failures work , and it felt like you could feel .
Einstein once said , " This is the definition of what 's going on -- and the same thing is going to be a new thing , and every time you can get the new results .
And I looked at the whole world , because I 'd like to go and do the same thing , and I hope that the catastrophe would n't be going to be our head .
I wish I 'd had a bit of an unexpected idea , I wish it would be .
Like TED , I believe people .
I know that the consumer will become more comfortable , and they will choose to choose , even if you ca n't change financial and business business , they can change its face .
And I tend to change the change , and this is exactly what I 'm talking about .
We have a long history of history , and our women have been strong , braver , independent .
And I 'd like to tell you , when I first realized women were important to the economics of economics and society -- that was my mom -- 1975 in 1975 .
The women in Iceland are all over here .
Whether it 's a leader or a family , all the collisions , the result is paralysis .
They were against their rights to go into the Rift Valley .
Some people think it 's going to be the orbit of the global movement .
In my opinion , it 's a very slow journey , but it 's a great day .
Five years ago , the governor of San Francisco Tolstoy was von Francisco -- and she was a woman who was in the head of the state of state , who is a mom , a woman who had to be cut off a cup .
In one of these days , with a man who participated , she said she ca n't be president , because she 's a woman , and it 's only half a woman .
And at the end of the day , she was winning the lottery , and she did the Jeep -- not because he was in charge -- she said , " Listen , I 'm not going to give it to the National Assembly . "
And I can follow women 's heroes , and their influence .
But anyway , 10 to 15 years in my career , I do n't get a sense of women .
In the United States , I was convinced that everyone had to deal with their own power , and the opportunity was the same thing for men or women .
And yet , I 'm not going to work on that .
We do n't do it different . It 's a good thing -- it 's because we can create life .
We should accept the difference between each other , and that 's a lot of challenge .
And finally , I 'd like to say that I 'm not going to die for you that you 're not dying , and the people are the ones .
We should start thinking about balance .
We should not be able to confine them to fund and humanitarian procedures , we should think about how to make business .
That 's how we can change the world , to keep the future forward .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/ngozi_okonjo_iweala_on_doing_business_in_africa.html
Cary Bigelow , Isambard Edison Foundation , in 2007 , is about the discussion of the TED Prize for four days , and to discuss the story of power and trade to the next four years .
Africa , development , economics , entrepreneur , global issues , health care , investment , philanthropy , women
<unk>
Allan Tempest : The conversation of aid
And I know that it 's very , very difficult -- especially in the end of this conference , and every single one of them has been consulted .
So I think maybe it might really be really useful for us what we 've been able to tell us about what 's going on here , and maybe just asked some of the ideas that we can take .
That 's what it 's doing .
We came up here , and we wanted to talk about Africa : the next chapter .
But the thing that we 're talking about here is " Africa : The next chapter , because we are looking at and focus on the past and now , saying it 's not a good thing .
And the images I showed you , this picture , about drought , death and disease , is what we see .
And what we wanted to see is Africa , the next chapter , is , " Well , a healthy , sad , beautiful Africa .
And I believe that the things that we hear about , as the first day in meetings , I heard all the important stats , and it 's about what we 're talking about .
And this is important because we 've got a platform for work .
So , I 'm not going to spend a time just to show you , translated your memories , tell you that we 're talking about Africa , the next chapter , because there 's never been a custom platform .
We really classify it , as this continent is , in a very slow speed of progress .
In two decades , we now have five percent of 15 percent , and the numbers are still increasing -- it 's going to take seven meters .
At the same time , the Rover is going down .
And I 'm going to be able to get a long story about it because , because I 've been to solve one of the biggest debt of this continent , and it 's got a tremendous amount of dengue .
You know , as you can see , from nearly 500 million to 120 million or 130 million people .
It 's a big achievement .
You know , we 've built the reserve , and why is it important ?
And that is because it 's our economy , our currency , and provides a platform for people to build , building and <unk> platforms .
We saw some of the different evidence that we created , as private dynamics .
And I want to remind you that I know that you 've seen these data , from six and a half minutes now .
In 2005 , in October -- Nigeria -- you know , that 's the Grand Canyon -- saying , " That 's what 's going on . It 's really very quickly .
It 's also in other countries .
Why does this matter ? Because it shows a sense of confidence .
And the people in the countries are self - confidence , and if you take people all over the world , take their money back and take them back to the other people , look at your confidence in developing countries .
Now you 're at the bottom of the bridge , not flower .
Now , why are all this important ? Anybody ?
And what 's important is , we 've created this platform , and we have our own own pond , boom , the other leadership , they say , " Look , let 's do something . "
Because we 're facing a challenge .
It 's about 24 years old .
What does this mean ?
And that means that we have to focus on how we 're going to work on the process of building manufacturing .
You 've got to be able to make a team of expertise and make sure that they do n't get to be diagnosed with disease .
But to make sure that most people are going to work on their countries , they 're making a kind of a form of creating a environment that will allow some kind of wonder to make it happen .
WL , you know , to support this mission , and I did one of the things that I 've been working on in Nigeria .
Most countries are not even recognized .
Listen to the voices of people .
So we do n't know what people need .
And I asked them , what 's their biggest needs ?
And in other countries , this needs work to work .
I want to start with this , and I 'm going to go back and back .
And before I tell you , I just wanted you to understand it .
I personally think that the next step of building this platform is to let us move -- we ca n't ignore it .
Five , seven years ago , we ca n't even talk about breastfeeding , because we 're in the old stage .
We 're going to do it with us .
It 's not developed development .
We were in charge of a third of the day , right ?
The main framework that the development of development had had to do with the basis of development .
So we do n't have to forget , building this framework and foundation needs a lot of resources , and we 're trying to do everything in Nigeria .
It creates our own project to solve , like stock , to build organizations , stability .
Now we can build it on this platform .
And this is also what we 've been passionate about , protecting and private systems , aid and trade and so forth .
And some of the people standing up -- the most difficult thing is that this argument gets broken .
And it 's not about controversy .
We 've been arguing about a wrong problem .
Really problem needs us to adjust a good government to fund private components and responsibility for the common people in Africa .
How do we integrate these factors together ?
To develop Africa , to do it , I would like to say that the young people were working .
African countries are full of creative people , and you 've seen it here .
So I 'm worried you 're really wrong with controversy .
We need to say , " How do we get all these factors together ? "
I want to talk to you .
For me , aid is -- I think African people do n't have to walk into another extreme to protect the aid .
Africa has been given for other countries .
This is one of the coolest things that happened to me , and he said that there was a day that Africa was able to protect anti - Mart .
And I said , " Well , you know , it 's right . We 've been -- we 're wrong . "
And the U.K. and America , if you do n't have African aid , would be impossible to develop today .
And all of the resources are taken from Africa to see where they are .
So when they return to aid , we should not be anti - psychological .
The problem is n't that .
The problem is that we should use them to give us resources , and they gave us the resources .
How do we use these resources ?
Will you benefit directly ?
I want to tell you a little story .
Why am I going to get aid and not to care , but to focus on the aid of aid .
In 1967 , Nigeria happened to be war -- Nigeria -- Saudi Arabia .
I was 14 years old .
We spend a lot of time with my mother .
For the military to eat -- my father was doing a nuclear force -- the waiter 's military .
We 're standing on the Houston side .
We just eat a little bit about where we 're going to get to the place .
It was terrible time in 1969 .
We almost eat every day .
People are dying because they die .
I believe you 're going to remember these pictures .
And here I am .
And in that time , my mother got a lot of money .
We wanted mother to die .
It does n't work with us .
He 's in the military .
So I 'm the biggest one .
My sister had malaria .
She was three years and I was 15 years old .
She was so severe , and we tried all the way .
It seems like nothing .
Until we heard about 10 miles , she could -- she would be able to treat a patient and give them drugs .
So I bought my sister with a couple of miles -- and it took her 10 miles off the back .
It was very hot . I was hungry .
I 'm scared because I know her life is completely dependent on my doctor 's office .
We heard about the trade - ups .
I was a little bit guilty about 10 miles .
When I arrived , I saw a bunch of people around it .
It 's about 1,000 people in a row .
And she came in in a cathedral . How did I get in ?
And I had to go around these people and go back to the back of the street and put it on the back of the street and put it up to the bathroom .
And when everybody wants to get the doors , I jumped out of window , and I climbed up the principal .
Albert said I go very far .
When we were approaching the principal , she was almost impossible to get rid of it .
And she gave her a little girl , and what I knew was Bharti -- and then gave me a couple of -- this is the result of a lot of drugs -- some of the other drugs .
For about two hours , my sister starts running .
And they gave her her , because she 's going to evacuate it .
And then my sister closes my shoulders .
About five hours later , she said yes to home .
And I took her on the back .
I went out for 10 miles , and it was the tiniest road I walked across .
I was very happy -- -- my sister was beaten !
Now , she 's 41 years old , and the mother 's mother , who is a doctor , saved other lives .
Why I say this ? I 'm telling you because -- if it 's you -- or your family -- you do n't care about where the aid is -- aid ?
You do n't care about what aid is !
You just want to live .
Now I 'm not so sad , and I think that saving lives in Africa , in some ways , as you lose other people , like farmers , the teachers or the mom , or a mom .
And as a journalist , we can see the story .
These guys are the ones that are positively correlated .
So if we save people , if you save malaria , these people are the foundation of economic growth .
Again , like yesterday , if you 're not going to die , they 'll die for their children 's own burden .
Even from economics , if we 're social and humanitarian , we need to save lives .
And that 's one of the reasons , and my personal experience told us that we 've got a lot to do with productivity .
And then I 'd like to tell you a lot of people , including me .
And that 's why I say it 's a bit more nuanced .
You know , we should be good for these resources .
What does Europe do ?
Do you all know that Spanish -- the state of the European Union -- where other countries are getting 100 million pounds of aid ?
Help them get their hands -- Spanish ? No !
The European Union supported 100 billion . What 's the money ?
Has you ever been in Spain recently ? There 's been around .
It 's the infrastructure .
For the sake of the infrastructure , the whole continent has developed a service economy .
Do you know about 30 billion aid ?
And Europe is one of the fastest countries in the U.K.
A lot of people , even the rest of the world , go to work .
What 's going on on this ?
They use the information trail , and the infrastructure enables that to be involved -- or now it 's possible to work -- and it creates a lot of jobs .
They were not , and they were n't , you know , we 're not going to get this money .
Now , in the United Nations , the North Union aid work .
And my surprise was that if they could be able to build these cables in Spain , the highway , or other infrastructure , why would they stop using the same aid in our country ?
When we asked them , they tell them what we need , what I 'm worried about , is that we have a lot of money now .
We talked about the World Bank , the French , and the <unk> , and the European Union .
We also have some very rich citizens who are people in the audience , and some private engagement .
One day , these organizations will have a lot of money , and they 're going to be used for government aid .
But I worry -- I 'm grateful for them to do what they 're doing for Africa , but I do n't worry about my stomach , because I see a whole new amount of aid in Africa .
And they also walk into the countries and they try to figure out what to do .
But I do n't really know if they 're going to move the direction .
And many of them are understanding of Africa .
They 're just going to be discovered .
A lot of times I do n't see them with Africans .
They do n't usually matter !
And a lot of times I think they 're not interested in listening to what 's going on .
They wanted to go to us and see what happens in the land and then make decisions .
Now I 'm talking about romantic .
But I 'm optimistic because it 's really important .
Now , who are they responsible for ?
Are we doing it when they were making a decision ? Do we have the board ?
Do we have the wrong mistake ?
Our president and leader -- everyone 's talked about -- everybody 's talking to the people saying , " Look , your grandparents and your thighs -- you have a lot of money , we 're grateful .
We sit down and down , and the money should be what we should do with these money . "
Can we do this ? The answer is no .
Everyone 's doing their own effort .
It turns out that billions of dollars to Africa , we still have the same problem .
And this is the scene of the romance .
We have no ability to control , we say , " Sit . "
We do n't do that because we have a lot of constraints .
We do n't call Bill Gates and Soros -- and other help people say , " Sit , we 'll .
And as a continent , it 's our best .
Here you have to take money . "
It 's not everybody 's entrepreneur , and it 's the best thing you can see .
We do n't get rid of them . No , no ! But let them do it .
But let me feel that we do n't have it .
In the last 10 years , we still have the same problem .
So what we 're going to do now is how we should react to what they 're talking about .
How do we compare government to public finance and international organizations and our private systems .
And I 'm grateful for private units .
But it does n't work .
So maybe it might work .
They say it 's about spreading and separate .
So why do n't we think about how to use aid ?
And why we do n't have the first time for people to say that we ca n't make it work .
You 're developing medical medicine , and if you do n't have a infrastructure system .
It 's a better one , if you build electricity and wind , and all the rest .
Agriculture is going to develop better , if you have the mosquito - generating crops to market .
Do n't mean the infrastructure .
Put your resources out there .
And so we can find that this is actually the funding of private , international society and a private private system , and Africans can follow it as an airplane .
That 's what aid does .
I believe that self - help ca n't solve our problems .
But they can be done . If we do n't do it , we fail to fail .
Why China is a reason for Africans , and one of the reasons is that it 's not just about this , but some people say , you know , these guys are so stupid and that you 've been really stupid .
This is because of the Chinese people .
If you tell them , " We need to move the path . " They will help you .
They do n't do the infrastructure .
In fact , NASA analyst said that when I asked him about Nigeria , where was the wrong thing ?
And he said you just need two things .
" infrastructure , structure , infrastructure -- and the plan .
You do n't have plans . "
And I thought the whole African was supposed to be .
The upshot is , we need infrastructure , infrastructure and planning .
So we can make it possible to help us give a part of the infrastructure .
Now I realized that I 'm not saying that health and education is not , you can get funding for two aspects .
But I 'm not going to say it 's just one way .
Let 's take a look at what the aid is .
Here 's an idea .
Secondly , for private components , they fear a lot of risks in Africa .
Why do some of the risks that are not going to be used to use this ?
But finally , because they 're standing -- I 've got time .
Will my time go ?
Okay , let me take my legs .
One thing is that I want everybody to connect to women .
In this case , women talk about a lot , I do n't want to repeat it .
But some women really do work .
As we know , research has shown that when you put resources into women , in fact , it 's a statistical fraction of the World Bank , which is in the U.S. ' World War II -- in 2000 , the Middle World Agency shows a little more healthy , and the family will be better and more and better .
So what I 'd like to say is , I 'm not saying that men are not really important , but if women leave your husband , what do they do ?
They go back to their home and they become happy to get us to see the difficulty .
We 're not allowed men because women do n't work for women .
But at least , we also -- I want to integrate this idea because the reason is that men are automatically automated -- not automatically .
But I want you to realize that resources are really useful in Africa .
Some women are creating their jobs .
Narrator : It took 200 jobs in Rwanda and Rwanda .
In Nigeria , the furniture of furniture -- the chair company .
She had to grow companies .
She needs another million dollars .
She creates 10 million dollars a second .
So the next question is , how are you going to empower the resources of these women who have a lot of economic power , and they 're trying to increase the company and create more and more employees to do it .
Finally , you can also negotiate with government , private components and private systems .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/robert_full_on_engineering_and_evolution.html
Musicians and researchers ♫ Charles Charles Sweeney : How he wanted to explore how the brain works , and so he put his hands on a piece of music and witty singer to try to figure out the answer to the ideas and to find a very powerful impact on all creativity .
brain , creativity , entertainment , music , science , technology
<unk>
Charles Dolby : The brain of the brain
And I was a researcher surgeon , who never said to me , " I 'm really hoping you 're in surgery , and I think it 's a somewhat ironic . "
I mean , you know , it 's so much of a instrument .
For me , for the sake of the sound of sound , I 've been inspired by a surgical doctor , and it 's very , very good for music .
So I 'd like to say that I 'm going to talk about how I 've learned how to work on how the music works .
Most of my work was done in Hong Kong , and there were some of the countries that I did in the National Institute of Medicine .
And I 'm here to tell you a little bit about a couple of dozen music experiments .
I 'll show you a video .
This is a video of Hannah songwriter 's Keith readout , and he 's famous for the famous operator , which is the most famous one to make a spray that 's very good at the very least , most favorite characters .
And he could take a violin of a musical music , and he 's not going to play the same thing in his brain , he wo n't be able to perform the second one . So , it 's a very , very good example , I think this is a great example .
Why do n't we stop this video ?
It 's really amazing . It 's beautiful .
And I 'm a member of one of his teammates listeners , and I hear it 's pretty shocking .
And I thought , " How could this possibly be ? "
How can the brain possibly generate such a big amount of information , and it 's a lot of music ?
So I came up with this concept of science , and it was amazing , but not the magic . It was the product of the brain .
There are very few people who do n't have a competition .
So the result of this is actually the product of nerves , and I began to start with this kind of investigation of the other complex complex process .
I think I 'm proposing some potential questions .
Are we able to study intellectual crisis ?
I think it 's a good problem .
And I want to tell you a lot about science science , and you 're very hard to find music in those studies .
In fact , they were completely overwhelmed by a completely loss of music .
The second question : why do scientists study creativity ?
Maybe it 's not the right question .
And it might be , but what I 'm talking about is , from science to talk about a lot of ideas about innovation -- innovation , technology , we 're looking at how the brain is created .
So we 're going to be in the next 10 , 20 years , 30 years and see a real science of science coming from the rise of emerging .
We have a new approach to this kind of process that allows us to connect this process , a complex convergence , and it 's not going to be analyzed .
So it 's the brain .
We all have a special brain , at least right now , we understand it 's very limited .
I think the problem of symmetry is more than the answer , and I do n't have a lot of answers .
And that 's what I did in the lab .
I did what the brain was doing to make us do this .
This is the main approach of mine , which is personalized .
And if you 've been using a magnetic pulse , they 're the same , but it 's a special one , so it does n't just give you a picture of your brain , and the brain 's footage .
And the whole thing happened .
This is called an MRI , which represents blood flow .
Now , if you 're in the personalized plane , you are in a big magnetic field , and it 's a very special area for you .
And when the brain dynamic , it 's the equivalent of nerve activity , and the blood flow continues .
The blood flow causes the blood supply of the area , and the load is changing .
And the light bulb can detect the wound , but it 's not going to detect it .
So using this kind of approach to order to measure blood flow , not a nerve activity , we can say that part of the brain is getting more blood , and this part is very active at the same time , which is the key to the controls .
This is used from the 1990s to be used to study complexity .
Now I 'm going to show you a research that 's exactly about Francis Crick .
This is what I did with my colleague , Christopher Brown , with the National Health Lab .
This is a video that we do if we do this experiment .
Charles Fleischer insists : This is a piece of plastic on a plastic keyboard , and we use it for John Lab .
It has 35 million dollars to use it for a scanner , and it urges the power to be safe , but it 's going to make a difference to the smallest people , the headrest , that they can put on the leg , they 're lying on a treadmill .
It does n't work like this kind of voice .
It 's called " The Digital Album , " which is called the instrument of the instruments , and through this wire , to the phone and the computer .
Interviewer : Okay , it works .
So through the piano , we can see the process of writing music .
So what do you do with this cool piece of piano ?
You ca n't say , " Well , we 've got a keyboard . "
We have to figure out what the real thing is .
And the upshot of this experiment is that the content of the brain is reacting to the kind of music that people are playing with , how do you react to a musical mind , and how does your brain react ? It does n't look at the role of a computer movement ?
I have a model here .
This is a piece of music , and it 's just going to take the players and remember it .
And this is a symbol of a piece of music , four notes , metronome , and science , but it 's very good for the music .
On the bottom , this is called Van Carson .
We 're going to talk a little bit about the health study of health research , and we let them remember that this piece of music on the left is you hear about it and then we put them in the same and <unk> .
And if you can put a button on the bottom right , it 's an example of the speed .
It 's not the most natural environment , but they can play real music .
I 've heard this in 200 square , and I like it .
Musicians are really mad .
We measured the number of patients .
Would they play a lot of notes when they were playing a lot ?
That 's not the case .
And then we looked at the activity of the brain .
So let me just spool it out .
And these contrast shows the difference between the brain , and you 're doing different things when you do it in the dictionary .
This is a active area in the left - hand side of the boat , and this is where it is , the blue areas are not active areas .
So we see this kangaroo , and there is a very high level of focus .
And we can see this footage that 's very low - level activity , and I 'm here to summarize you with this .
And this is the normal area of the brain .
It 's not just George Bush , like me .
They brought up a lot of things , and they had a lot of life , and it was the same thing .
The conscious mind is actually in the cortex .
But what we find is that these connections are self - control , and this represents the area of self , which is the place called self .
So we thought , at least it was a study that was just a research , but it could be wrong . But I wanted to be in least a job , and I 'd like to do that , I think , as a sort of deterministic , you need to have the same kind of weird load .
And a area opens up , and the big area is closed , so you 're going to feel wrong , you do n't have to do it , not always to stop all the new ones .
A lot of people know that music does n't always have a single level of activity , and it 's used by communication .
So the question is : How do the musicians play with each other when they play music on the brain ? It 's a kind of technique called AdSense therapy , and that 's what 's going on in the playground ?
This is a 12 - legged guy .
And here I put it into four segments , so you know how to move .
We use the same way to put a piece of music into a scanner , and let him remember that this is a little bit of a doctor and then let it interact with him .
This is a musician , Michael Pollan , who 's the best of the world , a wonderful piano , and a gorgeous piano .
And he 's right now on this one , and this is a piece of music that is just a little bit better than the music I write .
Interviewer : Mikey , please .
Interviewer : You do n't have anything else in your pocket , Michael Pollan ?
Michael Pollan : No , I do n't have anything in my pocket .
PH : You said , " Well , you have to do the right thing at the time .
This is actually a matter of fact .
Now we start playing each other .
He 's inside , and you can see his legs there .
And I 'm in control of the control , and we 're flying .
Michael Pollan : It 's a good one .
It 's not very fast , it 's good .
And the reason we get over and over again is to try to get you to the new kind of environments .
It 's a little bit of me , and I 'm going to take my hand through the head and see my hands , but I ca n't get rid of the hand .
It 's very challenging .
But again , some days , there are a couple of moments that you 're going to be in front of a lot of time , joyful to music , really .
Narrator : Come on here , I 'll go back to that .
What do you see , and I 'm making a piece of science and show you the data .
This is just an experiment .
This is , in fact , Michael Pollan 's data .
So what am I looking for here ?
And when he was talking to me about four million dollars , it was not a memory , and his language was shaped by the bottom of his head , which was the back of the economy .
In fact , his head is the same with the same character .
This area is considered to be a conversation about expression and communication .
Music is the idea of language , which is about nanoparticles , and we can see through two musical relationships that the music can see .
We 've been doing this for eight objects , and we collect all the data . Hopefully we can get something meaningful .
What happens when we say the word and the language ?
In contrast , of course , the Japanese Rovers .
I 've been very excited about it .
Let 's put a video here .
Christopher Jack Turner : ♫ Oh , I 'm the emperor of skin skin , and I have five inches a 3,000 foot -- the end of the abyss , the Jill Sobule , which is the case , " ♫ when I was in the subway ♫ ♫ Sobule : And I 'd like to say , ♫ You know , orcs on the da Francisco ' list -- " and the whole thing is -- and , at the same time , there 's a kind of thing that I want to do with you , but I
In fact , I think there are a lot of different kinds of music there .
In many ways , the social functions had been made in a lot of time .
So how do we study scientific research ?
My colleague feels crazy , but I think it 's possible .
And this is what you 're going to do : You ask a free artist to tell you that you can tell them , they 've never seen it , and then you get them out of it .
And I told me , I 'm talking to the lab at TED stage , and they said , " No , no , you ca n't really get it . "
And I wanted to -- I would like to ...
And the screen , you can tell me , well , am you ready for me ?
So what we did was we asked them to remember the sounds of the left left .
This is the conditions of control . That 's what they remembered .
Computers : ♫ memory , Craig <unk> , " ♫ ♫ Sobule : You know , you know a recursive loop , and I 'm not going to be able to do it for a piece of paper , but I do n't know if I want to go to the bow of the hairs , I think I 'd like to tell you a little bit about what I 've been thinking about , ♫ I 'll give you an idea of what 's going on at the bottom of a cup , which is that I ca n't
And the great news of these stars is that you give them different words , and they can also monitor .
They do n't know what you 're talking about , but they 're listening to what they hear , and it 's going to take a second immediately .
Take the sound on the right .
We 're going to give them the names of the word " love " , " not " in ' 60s . "
They do n't know what the next thing is .
Narrator : ♫ I 'm kind of like the freedom of freedom , " in " My Eagle Song ♫ " and the aliens , the vastness of panic -- ♫ ♫ Sobule : Oprah , I 've sat down in the middle of the pyramid , and I was sitting at the top of this Rover , but I 'd like to convince you , ♫ You know , if I get to the moon , you 're going to have to do this with a couple of different escalators on the shelf , which is the case ,
And from neuroscience , these things are significant .
Whether you like the music ?
It 's just from a creative standpoint .
This little video shows us how we use maneuverability .
PH : We were working together with our priorities .
Narrator : By the way , this is from a scanner .
Narrator : This is the Open Graph in the scanner .
Now remember a grain of LEDs .
Christopher Shepherd : ♫ Well , the great calculation does n't need to be a little bit of a fuss about all the time , ♫ ♫ Sobule : And Jill and tubes made me perfect , and I 'm just going to use the perfect fill - up and the wind , but when I put it on the bow , I 'd like to say , " You know , what 's going on here at the top time ? ♫ Sweeney : That 's what I do n't know if I want to do it -- ♫
This is actually four of the brain records .
What do we see ? We see the language 's dynamic , but when they get the eyes , it 's not just memory , you see visual regions .
You see a whole host of dynamic movement .
And if there 's a creative activity and a swarm of memory , it 's going to be more active to do the brain at the same time .
This is a very good study , but I think it 's really cool .
Anyway , we also have a lot of problems , as I said , and I 'm here to talk about the problem , not the answer .
But we wanted to understand the truth of creating a genius of genius . I think , using these connections , we 're getting closer to the goal .
I hope in the next 10 years , you 'll see really meaningful research , and it 's saying science is going to get rid of the art , maybe we can start cutting this goal .
Thank you very much for listening , I 'm grateful .
http://www.ted.com/talks/robert_full_on_engineering_and_evolution.html
Some people often ask people , " Do I use calculus in real life ? " For most of us , Ron Benjamin said that the answer is no . ♫ Sweeney : No . He lays a proposal to math and digital age .
economics , education , math , statistics
<unk>
Benjamin Benjamin 's view of mathematics mathematics
Now , if President Obama invited me the next math , then I 'm going to ask him a little bit about the math of the country , and I think that the math education in this country .
It 's very easy to do it , and it 's not going to cost too much .
Our trained train is a toy machine .
And every thing we learned was that every single theme was a theme of a theme .
The top one is calculus .
And what I 'd like to say is that I think this pyramid is a calculus - based response .
The right one -- all the students , every high school student , should be a statistical biologist : the ratio and the statistical statistical .
But , do n't worry about me . Calculus , of course .
It 's one of the great teams of human thinking .
The rules are built in calculus .
And every learning of mathematics , science , engineering and engineering students , should never learn calculus , in their first year as college .
But what I 'm talking about here is , as a math professor , very few people really use calculus , influence calculus .
On the other hand , the statistics -- as a subject you can , and should be used in daily life , right ?
It 's risks . It 's a reward ; it does n't work .
It 's understanding data .
And I think if our students , if we have a school school -- if each American American and statistical statistical , then we wo n't experience the economy today .
Not just -- thank you -- not just ...
If it 's professor , it will be a lot of fun .
I mean , the probability and statistics , is the mathematics of game and panic .
We use it to analyze the trends , we stimulate it .
See , the world has changed from a binary era .
Now it 's a game that we 've been trained to change , from simulation to digital . From the more elaborate and more advanced , math math , the mathematics of mathematics and the statistics of the data , and it 's the statistics of statistics .
In general , more than just let our students learn calculus , I think more importantly to make people know about two trials , and I 'm serious .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/steven_strogatz_on_sync.html
It could be used to read the user - based computer interface , and the interface that makes it just a bit of a virtual object , even though the real electron object -- and tell us some incredible applications .
brain , computers , design , entertainment , interface design -- mind , technology
<unk>
Christopher Sweeney : You can read the synthesis of Legos .
Now , the way we communicate with machines is limited to a conscious form .
Whether it 's easy to open up the lights , or complexity is like writing a robot , and we have to give the machine a command or a series of instructions to make what we want to do .
And the connections between people and the people are more complex and interesting , because we 've got a lot of performance .
We look at the feedback feedback , the body language , we can feel sensation and emotion .
These are all part of our decision - making process .
Our vision is to introduce social technology to a new area of human interaction , and so , it 's not just your command job , but it can be feedback with your faces and emotion .
And if you want to do that , what you can do is to understand the electrons of our brains , our ability to control and experience .
Well , it sounds like a very good idea , but it 's like the task , and it is not just the simple thing , which is that there are two reasons : the first algorithm : the first algorithm .
Our brain is made up of billions of active active areas , and there are 170 kilometers of magnitude .
And when these cables interact , the power of entropy is actually measurable .
The main functions of our brain is the distribution of distribution on the outside of the brain , and the ability to increase this area is going to be possible , the brain is very repetitive .
The cortex reflects a big challenge to the surface .
Every single layer of cortex is filled with the structure of the fabric , and it 's like ours .
Even if a signal might come from the same part of the brain , it 's a very different place in the structure , which is really different , even though twins .
The signal on the surface has nothing to do .
Our breakthrough work is to create a field that can extend the cortex , and so we can get the signal to accept a lot more than a broader population .
The second one is actually looking at the actual brain .
Normally the rocks are a series of sensors , and you see the same thing in the picture .
And the technician uses the technicians or the brush , the way to put electrodes in front of the freezer , which is often going to be a light belt .
This is very , very uncomfortable and the process .
Plus , the system costs millions of dollars .
I 'm going to invite you a little bit about a discussion that we have last year , and it 's coming up here . He 's invited to help us show our research development .
So this device , as you can see , is a 14-year - old , inverted system .
You do n't need any kind of Secretary of State , and it does n't have to be a toy or a silver ball .
It takes a few minutes to play a good and stable signal .
It 's also a Wi - Fi , so it can be free .
Compare it to a million years of rock system , more than a hundred dollars .
Now , test the algorithm .
So the face of facial expression -- like I mentioned earlier -- all of a sudden , it 's an exciting combination of neural dynamics to make personalized connections .
But because of the time , I 'm going to tell you a little bit about the cognitive system , which is the system that allows you to move the object to move objects .
Now , biologists are first to connect with this system , so we 're going to try to build a new information .
He clearly does n't know -- so we choose the user . "
Evan . Move .
What we do is start train a signal and the signal .
It 's called " Evan . "
He just flips up .
This process gives him an app or a regular model because the brain is not different .
It 's about eight seconds . Okay , it 's done , and we can choose a movement to move into movement .
So Nike chooses one of the things he could have in his brain .
Evan : Let 's make it happen . "
OS : Okay , let 's switch . "
Now , the goal is to be an analogy to imagine that this object is going to go beyond the screen , and in the same way , it shows a screen on it .
At the first time , nothing has nothing . Because the system knows what he wants .
But it 's about eight seconds .
So one , two , three , start .
Okay .
Once we get to this , the cube disappears .
Now we 're going to take a look at that . "
Oh , good .
Very impressive .
So we 've got a little time , so we let biologists have a difficulty .
This is more difficult because it 's a little bit of a world that we have in the world .
This is " disappear . "
So , what you 're doing -- I 'm going to do a dynamic move , and we 've always been doing this , so we can see this movement .
But " disappear from no . So what you 're going to do now is imagine what 's going on here , right ?
Same . So , one , two , three , start .
Okay , let 's do it .
Oh , Jesus . He 's great .
We try it out .
Tom : Hold on .
Interviewer : But we can see that this is possible , even if you spend a little bit of time on this top .
As I said , it 's a hard process to imagine .
What 's great about this is that we 've only awarded a system about how he thinks it 's impossible .
Because there 's a piece of machine <unk> -- thank you .
Good job . Okay .
Thank you , Houston , you 're the perfect view of this technology .
So , as you saw earlier , this system is taken in this software , or even a few other users , and all the other people , they can get more and more to go into a different way of looking at different ways .
And once you 're trained to detect functions , this functions can be shared with any given keyboard , app or installations .
So I 'd like to show you some examples , because there are a lot of these kinds of applications .
For example , in games and worlds , your face can be intuitive to control equations or characters .
Clearly , you can experience the magic and to control the world .
And color , and the sound , the voice , will be the response to your emotional model to improve your experience .
Now look at the design of developers around the world , with the robot , using robots like this , like -- in this case , through this example , in the case of imagination , by looking at a toy system .
This technology could be used for real life -- for example , smart family .
You know , by controlling the balance of control , you can turn it down to the wall .
Of course , the lighting is lighting , and the hull of the hull .
And finally , you can change the app of life , such as controlling electronic forces .
In this case , facial expression is used to control command .
Man : Now dengue fever .
Close to the left side .
Close to smile .
Man : Thank you very much -- thank you .
We 've only been reminded today that this system 's potentially potential , and as a group of users , developers and researchers around the world , we hope you can help us to explore this technology . Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/nathan_myhrvold_on_archeology_animal_photography_bbq.html
Nathan Myhrvold and his team 's latest invention -- reminded us to solve a big problem like malaria , and as a result of invention , Nathan has shown that Nathan is going to show the new layer of light on the board .
creativity , disease , consumerism , insects , invention , poverty , technology
<unk>
Nathan Myhrvold : How lasers can overcome malaria ?
We 're an inventor .
Our company invented a new technology , and they 're learning about everything .
We invented it .
First is fun . Invent a fun thing . Here is the benefit .
And these are all related to each other because the benefits are always very difficult to do if they 're not going to work .
So most of the invention we 've done is that we have a lot of money , and we also have some examples of projects where we recruit the best inventor , asking them , " What 's a good solution to the world ? "
And Bill is one of the most brilliant ones that we 've been working on , and he 's working with this job and I 'm here to thank you very much .
Now I 'm very excited about what we 're doing right now and the problems that we 've been thinking about , and that 's what we 're thinking about .
The vaccine is a very important technology , and it 's a wonderful invention .
But in the developing world , a lot of vaccines were used , and it was because vaccines needed salt .
It 's almost all vaccines are preserved in temperature .
If the temperatures are not too low , the vaccine is going to get a lot of time , and if you do n't stabilize it , it 's not the end of the child .
And this is not a problem with loss of vaccine , which is kids do n't apply vaccine .
And this is a way of carrying vaccines . These are the vertical boxes , and the wind blows , or the truck .
We figured out another solution .
Now , an example of a foam bubble is the equivalent of four hours of sand in a row .
So we thought , well maybe it 's not enough .
So we did this .
It 's a zero - up increase in energy - free situations , and it 's absolutely zero energy because it 's relatively low - tech .
Now this is our default product .
Leibniz , the third year is now getting tested .
And we can think of this as the main thing , because the two things that are in red , you can get liquid ethanol or liquid water on top of it .
They 've got amazing stars , so we put some amazing pieces in it .
And the other thing that 's interesting is that , you ca n't get the back to the bottle .
Because once you put your bottle up and down the wheel , you get it into the bottle , and you lose it .
So from this point , it 's actually like a Coke Rover .
Gets the crosses to sell it .
This is a simple idea , and we hope that this idea can change the way that the vaccine is in Africa and the world .
Let 's talk about malaria .
It 's one of the big public health issues .
Christopher Mary was talked about malaria .
There are two million people getting infected every year .
Every 22 seconds there is a African child die in the workforce , and I have 27 people dying .
We 're in this country , and we do n't have to really understand what these numbers are about .
The other thing that I 'm talking about is that we 're going to think about catastrophe as a disaster in Haiti , but malaria is one of the continuous growth factors that are moving .
So what can we do ?
People have spent a lot of time trying to figure out how to fix malaria .
You can use bed nets , but it has to be a problem .
You can try and cure patients and make them think of treating disease disease .
And this is really good , just in the worst places of malaria , no health care systems .
Sheena , the vaccine is a very good thing , but it 's not getting effective vaccines .
People have been running a long time . There are some very few craters .
Eighty - malaria is a disease that is very difficult to find against the vaccine .
You can express the cables , if people use Photoshop , it 's a very productive way .
But people do n't use it to prevent malaria . People use to get fishing to fishing .
And it 's not all that you can do .
And MRI is a way to say prevention - disease , but they do n't make disease disappear .
So malaria is a very complex disease .
We can start to talk about this disease .
The progression of the disease has a little lifestyle of life , and they will mate . They 're going to get in your nose and go into your blood cell .
malaria is a very complex disease , and this is one of the reasons why we 're interested in it , because there are a lot of ways we 've studied malaria .
One might get a long time .
So we wanted to be able to make all these kinds of applications this year .
One of the things that can be applied to malaria is the exact same principle of malaria , and the same thing you get out of your pile is that you put your blood results in the machine and tell you a little bit about it .
But now , you need to do a lab with a set of a microscope , and it needs to be trained to test .
You know , the other thing is that if you do n't need a mess .
If you look at the blood vessels , or watching the white game , you can actually do this , actually , to make a diagnostic and do n't have to get any more blood .
Because , in fact , you can see the blood vessels , once you see angiogenesis , we think it might see malaria .
We can see because it 's called the molecular Genome Atlas .
It 's a kind of an interesting trick . This is a very interesting statement .
If you 're a solid biologist , you think it 's fun .
We could use it for a lot of cool things .
This is our <unk> laser lab lab .
This can make a long - term light emitter .
It 's very , very short time .
This is a limit that 's only about a wavelength of light , so it 's actually a piece of photon , and it turns it out .
And it creates a very high - powered power system that allows you to do fun things , especially if you can see the stars .
You can see the images of the blood vessels , and now we can actually draw out the lines and dials in these blood chips .
By using the pacemaker technology and other colors , we think we can make a diagnostic .
And we also have another cure for malaria , and one of the things that happens is that it 's going to be the same way that we can filter it and filter it into the bloodstream system and put it on the ground .
And so that 's what 's happening , but the purpose is decreasing the amount of blood vessels .
This is our cluttered - computer .
We are all software who are software , so there are almost any problem that we all like , we 're all trying to try and solve some software .
And if you want to eradicate or reducing the problem of malaria , one of the problems is you do n't know what 's most effective .
Yes , we talked about stars .
It takes money to buy .
Or you can use it .
You can give them drugs .
There 's a whole variety of ways . It 's not different .
How do you know ?
So , we use superheroes , the best malaria model , and we 'll show you now .
We select our choice .
We collect every aspect of every single village , and the village was almost at all .
We also collected all the data and the amount of data .
It 's a very important message , because Teller and Teller can tell you where the mosquito is made .
That 's what it 's doing .
And then we put it in the process and build mosquito - based patterns .
And finally , the computer works .
This is the malaria malaria .
This is the end of the day .
We 're looking at it now .
And dengue fever is almost pretty much outside , because there 's no place where there is no place .
Of course , to the year , it 's all over again .
By doing that , we hope that we can overcome or control malaria , and in real time we 're going to use software to make a lot of predictions about the software , which is , for example , the benefits and the expense of the society -- and that 's what 's going on in society ?
We 're trying to study our enemies . "
This is the mosquito - lapse camera .
Soon we 'll see the air cycles .
In this case , we wanted to use laser light to see some of the little particles moving across the air , and then see the mosquitoes .
By studying mosquito flights , we hope that we can find ways to reduce the way they fly .
In this case , one of the ways that you ca n't do it is to take a look at the mosquito itself .
This is a real ad .
This is one of those things that you ca n't do .
It was a basic technology , and in fact , a lot of countries were harvested to get rid of malaria .
That 's what the U.S. is doing .
In the United States , 15 million dollars a year , but by using a lot of public health care and a huge amount of health , the U.S. finally ended up growing the disease .
So we 're thinking that we 've been following a malaria parasite , and it 's a lot of things that are going on .
What do we do for the mosquito ?
So let 's try to kill them with everyday power .
Now it sounds like a bit easier or silly , but there 's a little bit of fun , maybe .
Your blue blue is a very cheap blue laser .
There is a silver lining that you can use to control the laser with a laser hull , which is why it 's the reason why these little pieces are here .
Of course , there is a silver lining , of course .
So if we put these things together , what do we do with the sky ?
Now , in our company , we call " The Inconvenient Driven " moment .
What can we do ?
Now , take a snapshot of the parachute , and imagine what happens if we can do something .
See , we can protect the high value targets like healthcare .
They have a lot of malaria in the clinic .
They were sick , so they killed the mosquito 's abilities .
You really want to protect them .
And of course , if you can do this , you also protect your troops .
Farmers can protect them to the crops that they 're going to sell , because our photons is the organic dimension of our photon .
They 're natural creatures .
And we can do it better .
If you really were very smart , you could have killed a laser laser in you , and you can see the frequency of it , which is the size of its size .
And then you decide that this is a monster I want to kill or not to kill ?
And Moore 's Law uses computers to reduce the weight of the computer , and we can measure the body 's weight and determine whether to put the button .
In fact , we just have to kill the female mosquito .
Only they are dangerous .
The mosquito is only holding the eggs .
In fact , the mosquito is survival -- they 're coming from their bodies every day , and in fact in the lab , we use grapes to feed them , but a female needs choice .
Now , how crazy it sounds ?
Do you want to see it ?
Audience : Yes .
Okay , so that 's our legal department for a second , and it 's this .
And then , in this case , we thought , well , maybe we would be able to get a little easier to do this .
So , Steve Jurvetson , he did this device , and in fact , there was a piece that was on the shelf side of the manila folder , where he took the top of this box .
Our device is here .
We 're going to show you this . We do n't have to belong to the laser , and it 's a symptom , but the maneuverability is just a little bit of a green laser pointer , or if you ca n't get to a very clear time , otherwise you ca n't get to know very clearly .
Put it up , stick it down .
Christopher Steve Jurvetson : We 're now seeing a box on the stage right now .
And we also have this device that we see in the real world .
There 's a silver lining , if he just touches us , we can see the mosquito around us .
And this is a very direct kind of view , and let me tell you how it works .
And in this case , you can see that these strains are tracked around the Pacific , and it 's actually a fun thing .
And we actually can actually use laser beam .
Now what we 're using is low - power electronic sensors that are actually going to measure the frequency of the wing .
So you might hear some mosquito waves around .
Nathan Myhrvold : You 're talking about the speed of dengue .
Steve Jurvetson : Finally , we 'll see it .
And because of the laser light , you can see the mosquito on the river .
That 's slowed down to the answer to what you see .
And this is the effect of a high - speed model .
This is a system that we 've designed for TED design , which suggests that this is going to be possible to develop this kind of system , and we 're very hard to reduce it with the other countries in Africa and the world .
Nathan Myhrvold : If you 're going to show you what we 're using to shoot them with a laser shot , what 's going on here is a little bit of fun .
And it felt very hard .
This is one of the top products we did .
The energy is a little longer .
We 're going to get up here and you 'll see the other .
This is the other . Bang .
And what 's interesting is that we keep them out of the abyss , we lose them in midair .
The rocket forces are very low .
I mean , we can put the wings off , but the process is still going down .
That 's what I 'm going to show you . Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/yossi_vardi_fights_local_warming.html
And if you 're spent in the kitchen , you 've seen a lot of food , water and energy , and the energy is wasted . Christopher Christopher Friedman shares his personal vision -- a large amount of breakup of the FDA , which promotes the resources to provide the food and heal the power of a tomato sauce , to make it stable .
business , culture , entertainment , food , global issues , sustainability
<unk>
Clay Shirky : Right about sustainability
And the Russians and the groom are the most pessimistic industry in the world .
Now , every single step of the food that we 're growing in the U.K. is the heat shield to produce , and the heat shield will produce .
A lot of them .
I want to talk about some of the geckos actions .
And this is what I find today , in free , if anybody who wants to go home to bed nets , would you like to get back home .
It 's just a symptom , and I spent a long time -- 25 years -- that 's the truth .
In its life , it 's about eight different forms .
First of all , we need to produce a lot of energy .
The potatoes will grow , and it 's going to absorb the heat .
We can do it .
And I 'm going to leave you with a lot of the questions that are involved in this problem .
And then went to the clinic and went into my hands .
I 'm ready to be cooking , let people eat , hopefully all of you .
And the final stage is that the waste is going to be the most ignored .
It 's the waste of a couple - based pattern .
Anybody waste , someone eats space , people eat space and people waste their energy .
And I 've been working at the last five years , and they 're trying to reduce wasting waste .
Okay , you ask , what 's going on in the dining room ?
It 's actually not something different .
It 's a restaurant , and it 's called " The Eagle Grab . "
Narrator : A picture of positive and back .
And I 'll show you a couple of concepts .
floor : Houston , come back to the back .
Interviewer : Keep it up and recycle it again .
Narrator : Building manufacturing in the forest
This is created by the Russians built in the Bay Area .
And this one , although it 's not a very uncomfortable day , she does n't like to sit on the bed , but she goes up to the local village and bought some pots , and they 're releasing some of the pots and the headrest is going to go .
I hate pork , especially wall .
If you do n't do it , it 's what 's going on , and I 'm going to do that , but I can show it to my product .
It 's all about renewable energy .
It 's like using the light supply of wind , and it 's all about a light bulb .
It 's really important to use a brand - of - a - half - section , and it 's very important for people who are working on it .
I 've been thinking about this , and I do n't know if you know , but I 'm going to have a lot of time on the surface .
That 's the winner .
I 've been thinking about things like this .
But I would like to do it with a couple of experiments , and I 'd try to experiment with it .
Does n't it be more than me ? Maybe it might .
This is a geomantic loop .
It looks better than a new one , right ?
It 's important to recycle resources .
We 're also collecting water .
Put water in your bottle , put it in the fridge , and it 's going to be the same thing .
Here 's a great example of this .
And if you look at the tree of a tree , it 's actually been made up in a lexicon , and we put it on the pedal , but we 're going to move it back to the next shelf , right ?
And I also put some winners in there , and I grew up the tree of a tree , so it 's great !
It 's the kitchen , it 's in the same room .
I designed the menus , and it allows people to take care of food , so you can do it again .
And instead of having the same kind of traffic jams , I 'm going to let the customers decide how much to eat it .
Okay , the kitchen is not big , about five to five .
But it could be a quarter of a million people a day .
We create a lot of waste every day .
Put it on the table .
People ca n't do it .
But I 'm not just going to get rid of the waste , but it 's a waste of waste .
I 'm going to create waste . I have to do it . It 's all my job .
And I brought out the food of the wound , put them into the dry vacuum , and I would be able to store it and then I could do it again .
I was making grocery in the courtyard .
And all of the soil you see in the courtyard , actually , is food , it 's a waste of trash , and I put it into the freezer and the wind , which is something that 's made out of these tubes .
Three dentists -- a couple of weeks ago , to tackle about 70 kg of vegetables , really , great , a great Berkeley .
There are a lot of bugs in it .
One of them is really a big breed of breed .
And I took some of the dry cleaners , and I got a couple of struts , " Give you dinner . "
It could be dry vegetables , and the problem is that the fibers die .
I do n't know if there are many prescriptions , but I think I 'm going to have a serious trick .
What you 're looking at is the system of the system .
And it goes from here to the Russians , and it 's a rock that 's going to filter , which should be a little bit of a kind of panic that I can put on the filter .
I also wanted to go beyond the water , and I would like to do it , maybe , I do n't know .
It 's very important to cross the street .
I studied a restaurant called HyperCard .
If I could put it into a restaurant that did n't have carbon , it would be a great amount of gas to start with gas .
I 'm going to do it .
This is a restaurant that looks like a little bit of fun , and the same kind of thing .
It was the U.K. government , and it was very cool .
But this is a prime minister .
It 's all using electricity , including Los Angeles .
All right , so I 've been using the wind and the wind .
You know , you need to learn a little bit about it , and it 's a very important room , but the wind is tinted , dengue fever is going to be wind , plus the power of wind power , using it .
There 's a silver lining .
It 's a system that I do n't use , and I 'm not using it because I think it 's energy .
So it 's a simple application .
And I put out the temperature of the boat and applying it to heat , which is the great sail on the roof , so that the wind blows the winds , let 's get wind , and make them feel that they can feel a little bit .
This is the Ministry of England , which is slow down , and the wind continues through the room .
Very advanced , completely controlled air -- I love this stuff .
There 's a river outside the dining room , and we put it on the river .
Compare it to the temperature temperature and the interior temperature , about four degrees Fahrenheit .
I do n't know how it works , but I spent a lot of it .
And the best thing is , there 's a chef working in the boat , and it 's not just electricity , but the power power , the self - source power , the power power .
He grows for his own voice , and it was great .
The names of this are meaningful .
And the theme of the lake is the main theme that the water was on , and I was thinking , I 'd like to think about it , that I wanted to have a dozen miles in China .
I 've got water and water , and I have a fire restaurant .
There 's a restaurant and a tractor theme .
You see it .
Okay , this is my next Rover .
I think five weeks ago , it 's my wife , really bad .
I 'm going to drive a green supermarket .
Essentially , the restaurant restaurant is only enlightening the people with me .
But I wanted to integrate my food to more broader people .
My goal is to be the mesh system , or the ones who believe Kyoto .
This is a social company , not for a supermarket .
We have the social relationships between food and neighborhoods , and the relationship between community and of farmers and farmers , we need to transfer London to the federal government .
It 's really important .
I 'm going to sell Whirlwind , I 'll sell milk and I 'd sell the cards and the waiter -- all the important food .
I 've stitched a lot of time , and I 'm going to put it on the floor , ready for a box , but it 's also ready to recycle some of the pots and recycle it and also use it .
It 's a whole whole range of time .
In fact , I want to take this supermarket to the world 's world .
It 's completely unhealthy .
No one 's ever done it .
In fact , if you 're looking at it , it 's just the only swim that 's attempted .
I 'll do more than they did .
It wo n't be wasteful . It does n't have to be wasteful .
The nature of nature is moving around a closed loop , and it 's not going to be the end of the Cold War , but we 'll be able to do this one day , which we have to learn .
If we do n't have it , it 's a change in the world , if we 're not thinking about the resources of the food , not to think about natural sustainability , we know a day .
And I 'm going to try and do it , let me tell you , we 're going to take some responsibility .
The commercial business is actually possible .
And this company is there , and I 've got a dozen companies that I 'm going to continue on .
The idea is also built .
I think it 's important .
We 're going to do it , and we use it to be used , with no choice , to get rid of what 's going on , but it 's all over the bottom , dengue fever is just the last plank , so there are four key points that I think we 're looking at .
It 's not perfect , and they represent my ideas .
And I think we 're going to have a lot of difficulty , but the help of choice , I believe , is to find the Rover .
I hope you can participate .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/cesar_harada_a_novel_idea_for_cleaning_up_oil_spills.html
You 've got a lot of wonderful , happy moments , or romance , and how you record these moments ? Do n't show you a project , it 's a program that shows you the rest of the day .
art , film , life , memory , video
<unk>
Narrator : One day , one day .
I am an artist .
I live in New York , I 've been working in Buenos Aires , from Connecticut , where I was doing it , and it was about seven , eight and eight .
And I took a lot of 12 , and I spent a bunch of weekends on the office and found that I had no time to do what I 'd really really wanted to do .
And when I was working at work , I saw this talk at TED , the theme of the TED conference , called " The Power of Time , " and he said he 'd take a year to break the job , and they took their work off , they had to do a lot of creative projects -- and I said , ' I 'm going to go and do it for a high - year - old project , but I 'd like to run it . "
" I need time traveling , and family , " started the idea of creativity . "
My project , the first projects , called " One one " .
And the idea is that I keep busy a second every day , and the rest of the day is going to move the video of these two lines and put my life on a video with a continuous video , until I do n't have the ability to capture these videos .
The project is , first : I do n't like to forget what they 've done .
And I had a lot of what I did , and I would n't believe , until someone came up and said , " Oh yeah , I 've done this . "
In the early stages of this project , I found out that if I was not very interesting about what I 'm talking about today , I might forget a couple of video .
So , one day , when I forget the airplane , I was very distressed , and I really did n't really want to go to my life record . And I 'd like to do it for 30 years , so I hope I 'm going to be able to get this project to the end of my death , but I realized that a little bit of the rest of it was never forgotten .
So if I had to live about 80 , my video could reach five hours of length , counting me 50 years of life .
When I was 40 years old , it was one of my 30 hours , from 30 years .
And this project actually woke up every day and thinking about what the interesting thing I want to do today .
Now , one of the questions I 'm going to tackle is , as a matter of time a day , a month and a half months seemed to be very clear that you know , I do n't like this kind of feeling , and the images can see the game .
This project is a project for me to get me into my life .
Even if it 's just a second short video , it can get me excited .
Sometimes it 's not easy to choose for a day .
And the good day , I 'd like to draw a lot of tape or glue , but I just had to levitate it to the second one and then even heavier down a second , and let me remember the day .
And this project is a kind of personal act of generosity , such as a person , and a group of people , who come to the concerts , when the mobile phone is open up to a brand of the electronic music .
They might not like the verb .
They watched the concerts .
I do n't like it . I admit , I 've been so much more than that , and I realized that I was going to be able to edit and maintain videos and keep the videos of the video , but the best way to avoid the people I 'm not like , is , " Allan is a very good one . ♫ Sweeney : I really love that . "
Just one second .
There 's three months in the summer .
And this is what I 've spent my lifetime , driving the U.S. States and Canada , every day , and what 's the great life of life .
And it took me a lot of money , and I got too much money to spend a little more than a couple of year - spent flight , so I had to run a bit of time to go to Seattle and spend some friends with a small project .
One one of my year was to spend a lot of time on my family , and it happened to me a little bit of the time , my cousin , which was a very , very bad day , when we went to the emergency room and she was very terrible .
We have a lot of a few times , and I 'll lose her with my brother every day .
And this brings me to the other important thing that 's very important in this project , which shows their lives very , very difficult .
It 's not like -- if we 're going to do something very cool , we might take a camera .
Or , " Oh , this is great . I 'm going to take the paper . "
But we did n't have a bad picture when they were bad , and it was a very bad photograph .
And this led me to a very bad moment , and even a couple of weeks , it was important .
It gives you more specialization .
You never know , but you do n't have a good day , and I think it 's important to publish it .
And all of the videos I recorded , and I did n't have a comment on how to do it , but I 'd like to draw the video of my eyes so that I can see the best level of the eyes .
I 've taken a couple of points of view .
And I 'm assuming that the two camera cameras , and one of them is going to put it in , but it 's not me .
And the way to record my life is that I see what I actually see .
Now , I have some ideas about this project , which is , if many people do this , would n't it be interesting ?
This is the last week I was 11 years old .
And I think if everyone is like me , it would be very interesting .
And I believe everyone has a clue .
I believe everyone will benefit from their weekly video every second .
And I 'm not like that , I do n't like to forget , and documenting video is very simple .
Every single one of us is able to draw a video video clip of a TV video -- I bet most people have -- or something like this -- and I do n't want to forget any of my life , and that 's what I 'm going to tell you about the time , but if you can put it in a website , it 's a very interesting time to put the rest of the world and then you 'll see the whole thing that the Earth is .
I do n't know , I think there 's a lot of possibilities , and I call you a little video of every single day , so you wo n't forget your life .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/eric_dishman_take_health_care_off_the_mainframe.html
Stephen Fowler shows how he could use a wonderful iteration to build a ruler and an application , and his organism could walk itself , even for themselves .
animals , art , arts , guitar , creativity , demo , design , entertainment , short talk , technology
162
New York , new creatures created .
And I wanted to introduce you to a project that I was 16 years ago , and it was about the engineering of building life .
They 're created by this kind of divination , and we call it the power of electricity .
And then we 're going to show you a clip of this project , and we can see the work we 've done before .
Narrator : Eventually these monster will be independent on the beach .
It 's a lot of work .
Narrator : I wish I 'd put these life on the beach .
And the future would be in this independent life .
They learn to learn how to walk their lives to their own lives .
Narrator : These are these symbols , not from food , from the wind , from wind .
The wind takes off the wings , and they drive the wheel .
An appointment walking on the surface of methane is the direction of his nose .
And when it reaches the waves , it goes down and down , and it takes the opposite direction .
Evolution has developed a lot of species .
This work is called the Personal Genome Project .
Narrator : It 's a community that 's created by gene code .
It 's also a species of species and unique species .
Look at this monster , on the right hand .
Now , oh yeah , right now .
It 's a new species of species that can recline .
Christopher Rick takes the air into a deadly head of plankton .
It could be used to use these energy , and if it 's too high - down , there is a high energy energy that can use it to be able to go to sand , because they 're very easy to get rid of the sand hole .
And I 'll show you a little bit about this monster .
Thank you .
In order to walk , it 's really important to travel .
There 's 11 digits , and I call 11 facts .
And this brings it to the number of numbers , and the distance between the numbers .
In fact , this is a new wheel .
It works with the regular wheel .
The bottom side of the wheel continues on the same hand , and the string loses the same tone .
In fact , it 's more powerful than the wheels , because when you try to take the bike on the beach , you find the bicycle footprint .
When the chaos goes down to the end of the beach , what the land is going to do to my land .
So , at the end of the wheel , we created a new wheel in the next video , and we 'll show you a little bit of showing you , you know , if you 're going to play a video game , it 's a big guy on the back .
It can walk , but it can be used for wind .
It uncurl like a million tons .
This is just a monster that just reduces the wind from the bottle .
It 's a device that has sensors , and you can feel that they can overcome the attraction .
You look at this monster , and it takes the other direction .
Can you take my hand out of it ?
Good good .
So they can avoid all the dangerous danger on the beach , and the biggest danger is the sea .
It has to be the capacity of a natural ocean .
It 's a water sensor .
It 's important that it 's very important to fill the air as well as it hits it , and it does n't repel .
So imagine when animals walk to the ocean .
When it comes up to sea , you should hear the sound of the sound .
Success year ! If it does n't mind , it would be , right ?
Here we have a monster brain .
This is actually a phase of chess , and it 's the velocity of the bridge .
It 's a pilot 's skull .
When it comes up to the ocean , it changes the pressure and the one - to - one . It 's a simple brain .
The brain told the psychiatrist , which is where the sand blows , where you 're in the sand .
It 's helping lives in the midst of a very simple world .
Thank you .
Another biggest enemy is a storm .
And this is a part of the nose of a nose , and when nose stop the movement , the monster is crowded .
When the storm hits the dynamic , it picks up the <unk> .
And when the nose was fixed , the guards were stuck on the ground .
The wind changes , when the wind is going to move the wind and move the nose .
For a few years , they can be able to survive alone .
They 're still helping me to help me .
Thank you very much , ladies and gentlemen .
http://www.ted.com/talks/robert_full_on_engineering_and_evolution.html
Steve Jurvetson and teams announced one of the big improvements : they created the first prototype of synthetic DNA , which is self - replicating , and the cell cells . In this case , he tells us that it 's a new one .
DNA , biology , business , genetics , life , science , technology
<unk>
Jonathan Drori on " The Purpose Driven Life "
And today we 've announced that the emergence of the first synthetic cells . This cells started the number of codes in the computer to build the chromosomes , and it 's going to take those chromosomes into a receptor cell and convert it to a new bacteria that will convert this cell to an insect .
So this is a map of the Earth , and the first time we know is that a computer can replicate self - replication .
And also , it 's a website of the first species that 's encoded by their genetic code .
And we 're going to talk a little bit more about gels .
This project came out of 15 years ago , and our team was called the Personal Institute Foundation , where we went to the beginning of the history of aviation .
We 're doing this experiment with high - pandemic flu , and then self - replicating the smallest chromosome , the chromosomes , from dengue fever .
Once we get these scaling sequences , and we think , if this is a self - replicating nucleus , whether there 's a little bit of open chromosome ?
Are we able to understand the fundamental causes of cell diversity ?
Now , over 15 years of exploration now , the problem is that it 's possible to answer those questions because there 's a lot of genetic information that 's going on from cell cells .
You just break a one .
We decided we had to do that , and we would have to take a long time , even though nobody was going to be able to go to the realm of this area where we could have a germ chromosome , so we can actually tell the gene to understand the most basic genes of life .
So , we started 15 years of exploration now .
And before we do the first experiment , we actually invited a team of stars to do a kind of an assessment of the risks in the lab to create a new species , and the challenge , because it does n't have any time at all .
They spent about two years , and they published their outcomes in 1999 to publish their results .
And Eileen and I dropped two years of work to work out a branch of human genome , and when we did this , then we went back to this project and we looked back at this program .
In 2002 , we developed a new initiative in the University of biology , where we put two goals , and the first one of our technology is the impact of the environment and how we have to understand the world 's second , beginning to figure out how to make a synthetic life .
We published our original results in 2003 .
Christopher Smith and Fowler Fowler has developed new ways of making new new approaches to small , small - scale .
Our first task is that there 's a kind of $ 5,000 code that 's been damaged by the virus of attacks .
And this is what we 've chosen to do because of the history of history .
And it 's the first DNA of DNA DNA , and the DNA chromosome is all over the street .
And when we realized that we could make rowing for the same size , we thought we were at least this way , and then tried to make a series of pieces and try and build it together to build this millions of dollars .
It 's essentially what 's going on in us than we can think about .
There are a lot of steps that we need to get here , and there are two kinds of problems that are , firstly , first of all , we have to solve the chemical issue of a dinosaur molecule -- and we 're going to fix the biology problem , which is , if we 've got these new towers , that 's how we start to activate it .
We have two groups , and we work with another group of groups and try to infect the entire chromosome to new cells .
When we start working , we think synthetic is the biggest problem , which is why we choose the smallest chromosome .
Some of you might have noticed that we 've abandoned the smallest chromosome to put it on a larger chromosome .
So , what we need to do is to explain , basically , small cells need about two months to get the result , and there are more than two - fold cells that are just going to grow very quickly .
So one year we only received a few of these cycles for weeks to meet a cycle .
You need to know , basically 99 , even more .
So this is more like a way of playing with the first stage , because we do n't have any clues about how we can overcome .
One of the most important work we published is in 2007 .
Narrator : This is a viral chromosome from Hieronymus Bosch , a bacterium , from a bacteria to another .
And I think , from philosophy , that 's one of the most important papers we 've done because it shows life is so dynamic .
And we know , once it works , we actually have a chance that if we can build artificial chromosomes for the same kind of damage to them .
We did n't really know what it would spend for years .
In 2008 , we announced the full <unk> of the 25,000 million dollars , and I do n't have successful progress , but I 'm not going to start this chromosome .
And the reason we think part of it is that it 's a different portion of this , because the cells have all kinds of different personalities to stop this .
And it turns out , as a matter of delivery , the cells have a kind of dynamic , a piece of resistance , and it 's very happy to eat its own DNA , so we 've never had a promotion .
And that was the biggest thing in the time when the human being made .
So both of these are progress , but part of the dedication to do it , or could be done , by using a piece of wood , to put those pieces in the woods and put these pieces into it .
This is an amazing progression of progress , but we also have a problem , because now we 're going to get bacteria into the inside of the brain .
So we also need to solve how the problem is going on , and how we 're going to take the bacteria and get rid of the chromosomes and put it into the cell .
So our team developed a new technology to develop and disables the whole bacteria , in the lexicon .
So we took the same gene as the first gene that we were flying on , and we put it in the Rift Valley , where we put it in a network .
We think it 's going to be a very good experiment to learn how to get rid of the chromosome , and then storing them into the countryside .
When we do these experiments , although we can take the chromosomes off the shelf , we ca n't cut it into a cell .
This little problem took a study of a group of two people to solve .
And finally , the DNA cell in the bacteria is actually the readout , and it 's actually not going to hurt the chemical enzymes for the cells , the DNA .
And we found that if we took the chromosome out of the street , and we put it on the shelf and we would blow it up .
We 've got bigger progress , and when they look at the group , the genes are going to break the gene apart .
And once we did that , we could get the DNA of the 25,000 DNA from the Gulf and then storing it .
So , the last autumn , when we 've been published in the magazine magazine , we 're all anxious , and we have a lot of fun to think that we had a few weeks to get out of the countryside .
Because the reason is that the Fowler problem and the problem is , and it 's about a year and a half ago , we decided to enforce a larger chromosome , the chromosomes , our chromosomes .
♫ Sobule : The team of Dan 's group started mixing over a million times more than the chromosomes .
It turns out that it 's not just a simple job , and the work will go back to three months , because we 're wrong with a million times the amount of sequences that are more than a million .
So studying groups developed a new tour software , using it , we can test every synthetic attraction to see if it 's in chaos .
We 've found that we have a hundred levels of footage that are going on between the length of the cycle , which are completely accurate to the sequence of life .
We put it down into a piece of debris and found that just only one piece was stripped out of a very important gene .
And this is really profound .
Some of the pieces of genes do n't have any mistakes and then there 's some part that we can put in a big piece of DNA , like we 're able to do it , and it can withstand all the wrong things .
So we spent three months and we find that wrong and then fix it .
And this morning , the morning .
And I got Dan 's information message to tell me that the first one was born .
And this is a very slow process , from the back 15 years .
We felt that a principle of this area is really clear that we can distinguish the human genome and nature DNA .
Now , when you 're working on a new piece of science , you have to think about all of the trap , and you can think of it as a result , or even worse .
So we think the worst problem is that the number of molecules in the chromosomes make us believe that I 've created a synthetic cell , but it 's just a pollution .
So , we 've been able to improve our ideas on the DNA of a dinosaur to determine whether it 's synthetic .
In 2008 , we created the first chromosome for 500,000 dollars , and we 're just going to build the names of the gene code , but it 's shaped by the phone for a couple of letters and a few letters on the phone , which is a little number of letters to the alphabet .
So the researchers developed a new code with the code of code .
So this is a new version of code to translation and input .
Now , mathematicians used to look at the area of the gene code and capture information for a long time , but they 're just not biologist , because you take a piece of information , and it 's more likely to make a robot that makes a new protein and unknown properties .
The Digital Millennium Development Survey and his research team , in fact , actually put a lot of notes , and it 's a different alphabet that allows us to use the complete English alphabet and the digital numbers and the digital numbers .
There are four main markers in all 1,000 to the gene code .
The first one has actually actually got a code to translate the code .
So in the rest of the information , there are a Reuters writers and making the key to the people who make this project today .
We also monitor a website based on the code , and if someone announces that there was a code in code itself , they would send email to that address .
This is an obvious difference between the other species , which has 46 eggs and it 's a website address .
We also joined the World Trade Center because we 're making the first gene , because it 's just something that we do n't express .
We 're not going to give the rest of the code , but we give it the Rover .
And the first thing is , " Life is going to be wrong , and there is a failure , there 's a success , and it has a success . "
This is James Frost .
Message number two is " figure : Do n't look at what they 're looking at . "
This is the Margaret Frost named Frost .
And finally , Richard Fowler , " I ca n't build stuff .
Because it 's a technological progress in science , and also a philosophy progress , we try to solve philosophy and technology .
And I think the last thing that I 'm talking about at the beginning is that what we 're doing is inspired by moral participation , and it 's not just technology , not only technology .
And even in 2003 , what we 've done is that this job of 2003 was offered to spend the course of the White House , and to decide how to make this work and publish this .
Eventually they decided to open up this right approach to the right way , and we did that for the White House for Congress , which we tried to adjust politics and science progress .
Well , I 'm going to take a question .
behind the back .
Interviewer : You can explain how big this breakthrough is , and what 's going on on this breakthrough ?
Christopher Shepherd : Should we tell us what it means ?
I 'm not sure that we can explain how big it is .
It 's meaningful to us .
Maybe this is a big philosophy of philosophy that changes how we think about life .
We actually think that this is just the first time we spent 15 years , and we 've been able to do experiments with the most basic level of thinking about life .
But we believe that this will be a very powerful tool , and we 've already begun to use this tool .
We have a project in Institute of Medicine , where we 've been working in this project and try to use this new toolbox , using these new digital tools , maybe you can see it .
Because even before they spend more than a month , even at the end of the day , they 're making these MIT teams and they 're going to work out in 24 hours .
So when you 're looking at creating H1N1 vaccine needs time , I think we can get this process to the process , and this is really real value .
In the midst of reducing the gene companies and the Institute of Utah , it 's a new vaccine company because we think that this tool is going to be very powerful for vaccine disease , which is a lot of disease .
Would n't it be a good thing to do if you would have a drug disorder ?
Or even more importantly , HIV has evolved so fast that the vaccine vaccine is going to be the velocity of which they evolved .
Likewise , in synthetic companies , we 've been working on the environment .
I think the Gulf of Mexico has been a serious place .
We 're not going to see carbon dioxide , and we 're looking at what 's going on in the measure of the scientific growth of this technology that 's damaged , but we can see that carbon dioxide is going on the wind , which is the Gulf of Mexico .
We need something to replace oil .
We have a partnership with the fertilizer company , and we 're trying to try and reconstruct the turf of drought , which can be able to reduce CO2 from the atmosphere and reforming the new hydrocarbons to build a new bean that can make carbon dioxide to produce carbon - borne fuel fuel production .
This is just some of the things we think of .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sheena_iyengar_on_the_art_of_choosing.html
One day , Houston Cohen , who was arrested to sit down and down , and as a non - Muslims , she had an unexpected discovery of Islam . And she got an airliner and the joy of the Caribbean , the Jill with the crucial news , to tell you that she was looking at what 's going on .
culture , global issues , journalism , religion
<unk>
Christopher Shepherd : A read : read "
You might hear about the description of the tree of heaven , and there are 72 virgins . I promise you to go back to the puzzle .
In fact , in our lexicon , we live in a place where the real root of the headrest is a very similar place , and it 's about 36 times the way water is broken .
Because I 've been in the boat with a boat boat , so I just understood the definition .
But the question is , why are most of you ?
And I know a lot about the non - Muslims trying to read the dictionary , but finally , it 's not going to give up because it hurts .
♫ Thomas Dolby : One of the greatest heroes in the world , even though he thought , " Well , if I think it 's the best time , I 'm going to tell you the most impressive email , " and the tragedy . "
Part of the reason , I think , is that we think of it as a kind of thing like us , as we should be , like we can be able to do it in a high school afternoon , and it 's going to take a lot of Tylenol , which is just like God -- the author of God , the writers ' R " -- just the name of a writer .
But in fact , it turns out that it 's really hard to do it , and that 's why it 's so easy to be quoted -- or , you know , mistakes have been quoted .
And people were guilty of what I call " tone - shaped " -- Muslims and anti - Muslims .
So at the end of this expedition , when I was picking up the biography , I realized that I had to read a little bit better -- of course , as well as possible .
My accent has reached to go to the point where I was able to do it , so I found the famous God <unk> , decided to get rid of them to read them , and the line lines , at the same time , represents one of the seven - century sites and a " 700 Century . "
I really have an advantage .
One of the books that I recently talked about recently is the story of rodents and celebrity , because it 's , I 've seen the early history of Islam , so I 'm familiar with the Islamic history , and I 'd like to talk about the lessons of history .
And I know enough , or you know I 'm just going to be a nerd , and I 've been at least one of the disadvantages of someone who has been seen , even though it 's a pathway , but even a fertile , a few other traditions , read other religious traditions .
So I had to get a long time .
And I decided to do this for three weeks , and this is what it 's called " respect . " because I ended up doing three months .
And I 've got an appointment , and I 'm reading the end of the Cold end , but it 's clearly more mysterious than the writers .
But every time I think I 'm going to start thinking about <unk> -- " I eventually realized that the feeling of efficacy -- and the next morning , I 'd like to leave you on the weekends , and I would n't get to me if I was in a unfamiliar zone . "
And Dick said it was to attract the <unk> and the groom .
So it 's a third of all the story of the Bible , which is like <unk> , Moses , Joseph , Christian , Jesus , Jesus .
God is very familiar , and from one point from the beginning of a metronome , it 's envy that there is nothing to do with the world .
The title of the book came to the mountain , the chimpanzee and the waiter , and it took me back into the year of San Francisco .
There is language , the heat shield , and let me go back to thinking about the people who listen to the elders and listen to a very senior exam , completely controlled by memory .
And I started to understand why it was just Arabic in Arabic .
Compare it to the Grand Canyon , the decade ago , from the World Trade Organization and Islam of Islam .
It 's just a binary Arabic word word , but the translation has to be used at least to take over 90 to 72 words .
And the more you make it seem to lose more .
There 's a myth in Arabic , which is going to be the dominant , and it 's not just reading , rather than reading .
It wants to be removed from the wind , and it 's going to move the stick to the ear .
So the dawn of the hairs is just the shadow of its shadow , or the Grand Canyon , " A <unk> . "
But not all that would be lost in translation .
And as Emeka promised , the patient will get a lot of surprises , and it 's going to be an amazing amount of surprise , like a human being created by the environment , which is the Bible .
In the biblical sense of the Bible , the second one and the third and three men wrote the narrative of it , and it 's like , for example , James brothers and Jill Sobule -- the women and Julia Show .
Take a look at the sentence of a sentence for suicide .
Yes , there 's this saying that there is this , but in a very particular situation , this is what it 's going to be allowed to get in the city of the <unk> industry , and that will be limited .
It 's not to say that you must kill the ballast , but you can , you know , if you 're allowed to do it , it 's only when they 're just going to get to the end of the time , only if they do n't have any other appointment to take you , just as they want to attack you .
Even in that time -- God forbid , forgiveness forbid -- so therefore , it 's the best one .
This may be the biggest surprise -- how hard it is , at least for those of you who do n't have it .
" Some letters " and it said , " There are more than a couple of them .
It 's going to go out and find a small part of it , and they 're trying to figure out that it does n't work with it .
Only God knows what it really means . "
" God is a quote of God , and again , in fact , the whole thing is more likely to do it for most of us . "
Like , for example , the little problem in the book and the heaven .
The old consumer plays its role .
There 's a word that is written by four and a half minutes , which is the girl who has a good eye , and the girl 's girl , or the emperor of oranges , and the chest pedal .
But at the top of the Arabic , there was only one word .
There is no hint of a chest or a high - performance chest .
It may be a way to describe the biological creature -- as a form of defense -- or a kind of way , or it 's something like this , and that 's the equivalent of an omega-3 , the young ones , the young ones .
But it really does n't have any people to know , that is its nature .
Because it 's very clear to say that you 're going to be " a new creature , " and you will be able to make a way to create a form that 's not an unknown form than a virgin .
And 72 , this number of numbers never came out .
In rodents , there was no Cartesian virgin .
And this is the argument that 's been created by three years , and most of Islam has taken it into the equivalent of all of the sudden , in which they 're sitting with the wings .
Compassion is actually the opposite .
It 's not an oxymoron , it 's too .
They overcame it .
It 's a garden of water cleaning .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/eric_dishman_take_health_care_off_the_mainframe.html
In the olden days , the next day , with her students , took a piece of pen and a pile of dust , and he 's trying to figure out how to do a lot of complex systems about the complex system .
Featured , MacArthur grant , biology , design , science
<unk>
Day three .
I study the ants because I like to think about how organized works .
In particular , the swarm of self - organizing is how to create the whole behavior .
So the fishermen are a good example , and there are lots of other things , like the Internet .
For example , a lot of organisms -- like the brain , cells , develop modular examples .
There are about 86 million ants .
And they all fit in the way of a group , and every single Rover is a little bit like a kangaroo , all the eggs you 're looking at .
It 's a common property , and it 's no central control .
None of the ants were manipulated .
The queen 's only responsible for the eggs . It 's not just what it is .
This is the behavior of the ants 's actions .
So I tried to understand the principle of chaos .
I 've been studying a life of life in the last 20 years of the Cold War in Arizona .
This is my research site , a picture of the ants , and it 's just the barbaria that 's only there .
These ants are called vesicles because they eat the seeds of their plants .
This is the peak of the Bonobo , and that 's what 's going on there .
They might go to the place where the seeds are about 20 meters , and they put the seed back into the countryside .
I 'm going to work in my research every year , all the way up to the ground .
This is a path , and it 's not , there 's about 250 meters , the other side is 400 meters .
And I took it to each other , and I put the numbers up on the rock . I 've been looking for a little year every year and looked at what 's going on in the process , looking at where it 's been dead .
That 's what I know about their age .
And because of that , as the dawn group , more and more grown , I can study these behavior dynamics .
I want to tell you a little bit about the life of the group .
The ant does n't have a lot of ants , and they 're going to be able to stay apart .
Every year every year , every single day , they 're going to be unbeatable -- these ants have wings -- they have wings .
So every year , and in the same time -- it 's a very , very cool year -- every single one of the local colonies is going to be the queen 's queen , there 's no choice , but they 're flying into a common place .
This is a queen coming out of lunch . It 's its wings .
It 's in the middle of this dress , and there 's a silver loop on top of it .
Normally the queen 's happy .
♫ Sobule : You die . They get so close to that .
And then the queen flew into a place where they put their wings up and down the hole , into the black bar .
They 're going to stay in their lives for 15 or 20 years , and they 're using it to win .
The queen is living in the cave .
And it ruins the eggs , and the ant starts to feed it -- the ants started to be the eggs .
It 's a fat saber of fat cleaning the body out there .
And it turns out , first of all , the ants came out and then subsequently subsequently turned into a rectangle , and they became a rectangle .
And they went down , and they had the mosquitoes , but the eggs never came out of the hole .
This is a year - old . It 's called " orange . "
And that 's what the plumbers are , and it 's the glue .
This is a klutz in the summer last summer .
This is three - year - old mosquito .
And that 's what the plumbers are , and it 's the glue .
The ants created a whole host of trash -- most of the seed that ate the seeds .
This is a five - year - old group , and this is the winner of the pen , it 's a pen , it 's a toy .
This is the biggest operator , it 's going to be a meter across .
This shows the size of a group of groups and tens of millions of dollars -- that 's about 10,000 pounds of change in a few years , and the change changes in extinction .
There 's no ants , but the queen 's only five years later , it grows to 10,000 or 10,000 .
And the number of people get to the queen death , and when the wind goes to 15 or 20 years , when it does n't kill it .
And the number of times the size of the ants is exploded . The ants will start whistling .
It 's a lot of the dry fruit and the groom .
And the reason I know about graffiti is that destruction as long as the age of life is growing , because I 'm not aware of the rest of my life , and a piece of ant .
It 's interesting , but it 's not the most interesting thing .
In the study of studies , I think the real question is called " almighty . "
It 's not just invasion of the organization , but how it works .
How did harvesting the difference between what 's happening to the environment ?
So , for example , destruction always will meet .
It rain , the rain hit the desert .
It 's a tremendous amount of damage to the Olympics , and it needs a lot more .
And when there is a much more food -- you know , when you get out of it -- it needs a lot of ants to collect food .
But if there 's no ant told what to do , what 's the whole thing that 's going on in the entire group ?
The process of this is called " The Eagle Hour . "
And in these cavities , I put the ants out of the street , and there are four , four : this ant is running in the way that it 's food , looking at food , to find food to food .
PH : That should be a microscope -- it 's a bunch of fun guy , and they 've been walking out of their nests and start moving into the bloodstream .
They make sure that the order of self - awareness is the direction of a month , and it 's just going to be a fertile -- they tell them that they can be safe .
The responsibility of self - repair ants is working on their house , and what I want to say is a very similar house with Bill Heifetz .
Because there are lots of small people on the surface , and they put a couple of these a little bit of the wind and the wind blows up the same thing .
It 's also like a cave full of people living in this area .
And the ant 's self - organizing the ants 's work to work and get out of the wind and put it down into the circulation .
So you can see when the ants came out , they put some soil , and then put the soil down and down the back .
Eventually , the ants in charge of garbage put this load into the rabbits .
So what you see is that these ants are starving .
And this day , the vessels were in , and the next day they put their trash out , and then they put it back up .
So that 's the job of the defense of defense .
These four are the ones that are just working on the street .
These ants are only 25 percent of the entire group , and they 're the most primitive .
So the ant starts getting closer from the queen .
And when we look at it , we find that these Rovers and the fishermen are going to be more than half a meter .
And then there is a long road and a small one , where we actually see the queen , and we 've got a couple of hours of rock after the hands of our hands , and it turns out that .
I know that small , it 's not for me to do it , not to give me my own students , but I do n't have to go to the students ' students ; they 're in the summer , and so often they go into the underground zone .
So this is all a couple of Legos .
The queen is about here , and it 's just keeping eggs .
And that 's the winner , and they eat most of the food .
It reflects a lot of the ants -- the ones you see are n't eating it .
They take the food back back to the bed .
The mosquito goes into the food chain , and it 's just putting food on the top of the day and the other ant goes down to the bottom of it , put it in the room and put the foods out of their palm , throws the seed off the door , get the seeds .
And these are the ones that work on the whole board .
What 's interesting about this is that it 's a very interesting amount of ant looking at the ant .
So , even as the Bible says , " Look at these ants , they 're actually , in fact , you can actually take those ants as well .
It means that if it happens -- but I 've never found this kind of stuff , but it 's just about 20 years , and if you do it , they can go out and work .
But in fact , most of them are constantly catching .
And I think this is a very interesting problem -- the question of how the herd is organized is probably going to make us understand the role of these ants .
They were kind of like the ant who was working on the ground at the bottom of the ground , and they were working on their work .
And if you put the ant out there and put it out , and then you dig it down , you 're never going to see them at the depths .
So actually when the animal 's young , they work on the tracks .
And then comes into the Rift Valley .
Eventually through Nike , through the course of anthropology .
When they work in the outside , they never meet the depths .
And the ants -- most of these ants , including these broken tubes , vision and bad .
They have eyes , and they can tell the light and the darkness , but they 're usually going to work with odors .
And what I 'd like to emphasize is that people are not really the right -- you know , even if the queen is in the room at the end of the house , it 's not going to be able to get the amount of information to work , but that information does n't have to go to the home and make it work .
So , from that point , we know that the queen 's work is not working in the workforce .
So when I started studying anthropology , my first question is : What 's the difference between the ant ?
Does it have the ant self - organizing ant ?
What about the ant in the Gulf of Mexico ?
And I 've been doing this sort of thing : It 's a lot of every single ant that starts coming out of it , and it looks like a independent job of work and understanding what 's going on on the line .
Instead , what I 'd like to ask is : How can different work different than each other ?
So I did a experiment , and it changed a piece of elements .
So , for example , I put it down a little bit of the ant , and the ants were working with a lot of work .
This is a picture of 20 minutes later .
It 's about 40 minutes later .
And these ants moved all over the place to the next place .
And then I wanted to know : Okay , this is the case of a group of people who need to use more responsibility to the ant , which is that if the other family works ?
And the next step we have to do this with these markers .
And this is some of the blue responsibility of this .
And then we did a little bit more complex with three different colors .
So we can put every ant out of it , and so we know what it is just like .
We start with a lighter model , and then we find these nice little makeup peeling , and it 's really good to get these tools . "
And I just just summarize the upshot of the experiment , and that 's what it 's all about .
So if you change the amount of ants that work , it changes the number of stars .
So , for example , if you 're going to get the ant out there , it 's about cleaning up clean ants , and I find out that there 's a lot of ants .
And it turns out that it 's all about work .
The second conclusion that we 've got a lot of surprises is that the ant 's actually exchanging the job .
A ant does n't get the same job .
So , for example , if the food food is there , the other ants -- there 's a lot of ants , and it 's just responsible for the ant to put it out of their mouth , which is the mosquito .
The ant self - support is the mosquito of nutrients .
The trees in the war are too .
But it does n't work any more . It shows how it works .
And as I said , if there were more food to stay , the ant who was responsible for the ants in charge of their teeth , they were responsible to be the mosquito ants .
And if there were a great job of the task , such as I gave them to make them a little bit of trouble , so we needed a lot of defense ants , and they were responsible for the ant ants .
But if you need a lot of responsibility to put the ants out there , such as it 's done -- there 's no other part of the family that 's going to go back to the ant 's ant , and they have to take responsibility for their local ants .
And so the mosquito is able to do it , and the ant working inside the body is human .
And finally , it looks like every ant 's making a decision to decide what to do .
For example , if you need to fill the work , the mosquito is not changing . I know they do n't do it .
But the ant 's rushing , because a couple of them decided to do it .
And so the most amazing result of that is that it 's going to work .
This process goes into the age of destruction like this .
When I do experiments with a senior group -- it 's all about five or a half years longer -- and they 're going to be more stable from one situation to another , and a lot more , more self - balancing balance , which is a very , very bad job .
And then these are young stars -- only two - thirds of the ants who are inspired by it .
And the more amazing thing is that the ant has a year .
Maybe this year or that year .
So , at the age of 14 , the older stars are a little bit more sophisticated , and the young ones are very young .
It 's not because older stars have experienced experience , more smart .
It 's because it 's the whole thing that 's going to happen , and the whole thing has changed .
And the biggest thing is the scale of the population .
And since I 've taken this conclusion , I spent a long time trying to figure out what the ant 's using to make a decision -- a very simple , small region , which may be a little bit of glass or chemical information , and it 's going to be in the same way , so that there is no ants to see what I see , this is what it has to do .
And the pattern is going to be the growth of the group .
Moreover , I found that the ants were using touch networks .
And the people who see the ants can see their reflection .
They 're getting their tentacles apart .
And when a ant touches the other ants , it says it 's in the lumen , and the ants can tell you , for example , each other is the same one , because the ant says , " The ants 's a little bit of a tree .
And so we know that the ant is connected to the other part of the ants and the frequency , and decided to decide what it does .
So the message between the ant is not the common information , and it 's actually the probability of information .
The probability itself is information .
I think a little bit more quickly .
But first of all , you might want to know what the ant thinks -- for example , I 'm drinking ants .
I expected I 'd never met the other day .
But if I get a little bit more responsible for the ants , I 'm not happy to eat .
So it has to know the difference that the ant 's ant has to negotiate with .
We already know that the organism in the ant -- I doubt about other creatures as well -- these hydrocarbons , it 's going to put it on the surface of the ants , and they 're different .
And what we 're doing is that it 's because the longer time you spent a lot of time , the more the surface of the hydrocarbons is changing , so they have different odors .
And so they can use this in a very different way , and the different odors of odors -- and they 're able to do it with a little bit of the amount of ant that 's going to be able to do it with the other .
We 've shown this principle recently , and we put a recipe for a little barcode in the right frequencies to melt down the headrest .
And the upshot of the ants is the right frequencies to touch the small string of string makers , like they 're connected to the real ants .
So I 'd like to show you a little video -- the first thing you see is that you 're looking at it .
And the ants would come to the airport .
They go to doing different jobs , and when they go into the Rift Valley , they decide that it 's going to work or influence every ant 's decision .
This is from a purplish microscope , and it 's in the lexicon .
One starts you can see the ants seemed to play a purplish microscope .
But the key thing is that each one of these ants is going to feel " other ants , " through a series of other contacts .
And the frequency frequencies determine if the ant came out , and then what they did .
And you can see that the ant 's supposed to come up with this .
And every ant , when it comes back to the other hand .
And those who wait to get the ant on the board , to decide whether it 's going to go and go and get to the tip of the ants .
So the most interesting part of this system is chaos .
It 's a fluid , and there are a lot of counting .
One is the experience of the ants -- every ant 's experience -- is not accurate .
Because the frequencies came back to the end of the ant , and it 's what 's going on .
The Digital Millennium Organization responded to the ability to realize that it would be rough , because no ant could do computations like this .
So we 've done a lot of work to work out to figure out how that two manure works as a whole , to make a coherent , coherent behavior .
At the same time , I do n't think that this kind of self - esteem , which is the same kind of thing that can build the factory and the efficiency .
And in fact , if you look at these ants , you eventually want to get them to help them , because they 're always looking at the way you think they should be applied to them .
So because this kind of communication is not perfect .
But it runs good .
The ant has been lost .
In Antarctica , they 're everywhere .
They have a very , very successful way of self - similarity , which has to be more successful .
And the other thing that we 're looking at is how natural it is to change the ant 's way -- the network of communication -- to improve the increases of destruction .
But what I want you to remember is that this way of communication is the way this communication is about the size of the group .
And the simplest explanation is that when a ant is a little bit of a piece of wood -- of course , the same rules of ants are going to say , " I think I want to go all the way down to the other one . "
But in small little barbs , it 's a little bit of the ant , and the possibility of this ant is very small , just because it does n't have a lot of money , so it 's not a lot .
So the way the group develops , the more old , more older , is that the rules will invade the size .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/al_gore_on_averting_climate_crisis.html
Neil songwriter is MIT undergraduates , and in this talk , he talks about the story of the Library of Media Lab . It 's a very simple idea that allows people to use the amount of choices that are applied to the number of people , to create the low - tech lab , but it 's an easier idea .
computers , culture , engineering , invention , materials , science , social change , technology , third world
90
Neil Neil Hoffman : The Oprah Rovers
And what we 're talking about is the thing that 's going to talk about digital revolution , but I want to say that the revolution has gone .
We 've been working on a digital revolution , and we 're not going to do it .
And I hope that I can see something else that 's going on to the digital revolution .
Okay , so I 'll tell you a little bit .
And I had a couple of projects involved in MIT , and I 've been inspired by the computer revolution .
And the first one , " Zero " is a network of the Internet , and it costs the power to a device that 's just one dollar , which means that it can go into every single light bulb and get faster and heavier .
And the most interesting thing is not to do it , but it 's not the same thing for the Internet .
And what 's happening is something like this , which is the kind of thing that 's encoded in the Internet , and you can go through the way you 're going to spread through a vertical or L , like a radio or a radios .
And what it is using is the most early principle of the Internet , which is that the computer is connected to each other , and the computer is now making the device .
We can apply this to the beginning of the Internet , which is used in the future of Zero , and it uses the ability to use that .
And this is where it comes from here to the next stage , and that 's what 's going on .
And then the alternative computers .
In economics , the power of alternative products is the product of the trade .
In this case , the price of corn is more than half the diameter of a computer , but half a dozen laptops , and the whole computer is going to work , or the full computer to value the way that we 're trying to make computer .
You see the back behind that one is a prototype .
It comes from a student named Bill Frost , who is right now thinking about why he 's thinking , why are we going to build a smaller chip and do n't make a small chip , and then put it in the medium and make the computer a little bit of a computer or a net ?
This is the drawing of the work .
On the left side , on the right - hand side of the conventional Red Brigades , this is the top prototype of our first prototype machine , and we 're just manufacturing materials -- there 's no radio belt and the glue that does n't have it .
It 's not just the point here , it 's a kind of a primitive material .
And the number of materials are going down , and the stuff is going down .
If the court stays through the center , it does n't do anything .
If you need more resources , you take it to the computer .
And that 's the beginning of the robot , which is the computing interface .
And it 's all traditional numbers , and this is a prototype of the early Times , which is the speed of speed speed .
We can combine chemicals and computing , and the pore can be a vacuum .
And this is the process of creating little points , and it 's a projection that you can look at .
We 're now able to use calculations to make the output of the robot to determine the information , and this is a little bit of a couple of projects that I 've early on in the early world , which is going to happen in a very curious way .
And all of this is happening in the lab , and it 's really not the metaphor , but really replace the bits together .
We 've all experienced a digital revolution , but what 's it ?
With the 20th century , in the 1940s , it took us from here to a signal , and the signal is going to be connected to the future of the Internet today and he says , " Well , if you keep the first most important theory , the theory is saying , you can do it in a perfectly imperfect device .
That 's how we developed the Internet .
And Von von Neumann , who did the same thing , and he said , " You can have a computer computer , but you can get it to perfect , the last big app of MIT , which is the end of the MIT computer . It 's going to get more and more .
After Von Braun , we had a bi - billion , and it was the first two billion to the first time .
We 've all done it on the bottom left .
And one of the most remarkable airplanes in Manhattan is that it 's going to rotate the metal shape , and it sends plastic to the plastic , a 100 billion bucks , which is the equivalent of 100 million bucks -- and that 's what the villages are .
And this system is a material material that does n't cause information .
And yesterday , we heard the story of the molecule , and that 's what the algorithm is .
And that 's a system - based system .
We 've been doing a digital revolution in communication and computing , but the same idea , the exact same kind of math -- it 's not in the real physical world , and I 'm going to be inspired by the whole thing that I 've chosen with a little bit of the time , which is that there 's a whole lot of people who do n't realize that this is the worst of these people , because , of course , there is a way of looking at what 's going on at the top , or
You can hear that tomorrow will come from Mysore . He 's the first student in this project .
So we thought , how can we do this by calculation ?
And this is one of the things he made , which is to prove that his idea is possible to use it to make a little bit of a matrix , and you can write a code to the protein , so that it can be accurate .
Without the number of pieces of material , they do the structure of structure , and that means , you can make things like this .
You can do something else . This is the demonstration of a three - dimensional display , in three dimensions .
And that video , there 's not just a demonstration of a self - replicating copy , and the construction system has been built , so we 've been doing it at nine times , we 're doing this experiment , which is that we can use it to make a root of the DNA , but it 's going to be replicated through the nano - powered hull , but it 's the same thing that the magnet can be done .
And there 's a chip with a laser machine , which is actually going to be able to make a kind of three - dimensional swath of making a house , even if you do it , not just from the drawing , but let 's build the code and build the code .
These are some of the emerging technologies that we 're lab in our lab , and it 's all about the data , the computer does n't have the tools , but it is not just the tool .
We 're doing this for a long time , and this is very , very good for everybody -- I bought all these machines -- and we asked the National Science Foundation , which we would like to build a very simple piece , because you ca n't build any of any kind of size or a certain area or a small dimension .
So , we get into the focus of an airplane and then activate the fish and activate the system and the Rover system .
But the problem is , when we get all these machines , I go to a lot of time , and I 'm going to spend a lot of time with these machines and do it .
And then the first one was called " How do we make anything , " and we do n't want to get a little bit of a fuss about just for a few graduate students .
But the first day , the lesson of meetings is this .
And hundreds of students went to us and said , " I 'm waiting for the rest of the year , and I 'll give you a couple of classes .
And then Carrie asks me , " Well , you 're not going to do it in the middle , but it seems to be helping students . "
And the other thing that 's shocking is that these students are not doing research .
They chose their lab to learn something .
They do n't have conventional technology .
When they arrived , they could integrate their own skills .
Now you can see a video . Kevin is a little player , and that 's what she 's doing .
Hi , I 'm a dupe , and it 's a scream I made .
And if you 've ever had this experience , you 'd like to scream , but it 's not allowed to allow , maybe you 're at work or your school , or you can see the kids or the rest of your children .
Okay , I 'm going to tell you a little bit about the scream that is a horse installation .
When users are screaming , they 're screaming .
And it would be recorded , and you could choose any time of time and lifestyle .
And Einstein would love it .
The students created a browser to make a Mac that could use the Internet , and to communicate with other contacts .
And this is a posture of students , and you 've got to play the height of the mosquito to prove that you 're going to get your private space to protect your private space .
It 's not to require technology technology , but the opposite is the opposite .
This is a piece of wire that helps you to see .
This student created a machine that could make machines like machine , and he was using programming to do this .
A few years ago , I finally realized that the lesson of students was the most powerful form of achievement they made , and the market of these products was their own themselves .
If they 're able to buy it , you do n't need the self - creation , but because you need to , so you create it .
Antoine once said that no one would put the computer in home .
But obviously , there 's no computer in the house to invent or Saddam Hussein , and you do n't need to do it in home , because it 's easy to buy a computer , because they 're very easy to get to buy .
You have it , because you 've got a unique thing , not just personalization .
It 's about 20 million years , and we can make it at least 20 years later , that we could make what we 're able to do whatever we want .
My students were directly , and I bought the machines , and I got the machine to make a difference .
And today , if you 're going to spend a lot of money , because it 's government money and they asked us to move the project to the place , let 's bring it to places , and put it in places where we have a website and so on .
So I 'm going to end up with the National Museum of Natural History , and I said , " We do n't say this project , but we promise the tools to open the tool .
And it 's not to take a recipe for the Pope , but we also put these two million dollars in the device , and that 's the equivalent of two billion dollars .
And there is a laser cutter to form things like a rectangle , and then there 's a digital readout on a number of dollars , which is less than a dollar of a $ 100 - meter algorithm , where it 's more than one dollar - to - one - and - a - half minutes .
So this is not a good project , but it still comes from Boston to India to South Carolina to Ghana , and the South Pole of South Africa -- all over the North Side of Chicago , where we 've been able to find a computer computer for all these places , we can find the computer of the digital Survey .
In villages where farmers in villages , his kids need to measure and change the world , just from the screen .
In fact , the gap of making and tools is bigger than the numbers .
And the solution is not so much that it 's not just the case , but it 's a technology - free technology .
We 've seen the same process in a place where we do n't have a lot of fuss about , and we 're not thinking about it .
And we 've been able to move around the last time , because as long as the beginning of the Media Lab , it turns out that it 's a kind of vegetarian medium .
You can see that delight from their faces .
This is a girl in Boston , and she built a design model for an application .
From that simple product to something that needs to take care of the technology , these are all on the Media Lab , and we have a lab in Ghana .
We designed a network sensor , and kids will go to the laboratory and do n't leave it .
There 's a girl who keeps us down to night at night and I love the Media Lab .
And that was her first time , and she wanted to do a sensor .
Just work , and learn how to do it , because she does n't know what they 're doing or why she 's doing this , but she has to tell her , that 's what she is doing .
And that was in 11 o'clock at night , and I thought I was the only person to see her work and felt amazing .
And I showed this to the big company that they said , " Well , the fact that the girl does n't work , and they do anything , they can do better , but they 're going to do a lot of people doing it in a variety of different places , which is not just what the physician does .
My name was Aron Kofi .
I did a flat board .
It 's pure for entertainment .
And then these are the kinds of things that are going on in the lab , and the agricultural production of India is designed to design the power of energy in Ghana and design it for a high - powered impact .
And then the commercial business has grown up , like this kind of structure .
Finally , laboratories began to develop .
We learn more about them than we 've given them .
And I took my kids to the public labs , and let him see how it works .
They developed a way to use the API , and you can see that you see a company on the screen , where it 's a business model to MIT , but MIT has three dozen students in Harvard , because MIT is a little bit more beautiful than the design of the children .
And there are all kinds of invention that are going on here , that are changing these cables .
Last year , I talked to some countries , governments and tribes to talk about them , and I 've always wondered , now we ca n't see the most successful stuff .
In 20 years , we 're going to see these things very profound .
And then I tried to figure out what was going on , and Jill and Julia in a machine was invented on a computer machine .
This is a machine that 's taken between the three and a half minutes .
It was a very good time , and it took it to the lab , but it brought the computer back and we had everything we had .
Now the amount of money in these labs , the complexity of the public community , is very similar to it .
The numbers are not just the future . We 're in the ' 80s .
We talked about the great economics of the time .
It was chaos , and people did n't know what to do .
We are here today , and we live in the middle of the numbers .
The only problem that comes out is that it breaks out of the wall .
And I visited all the time in Bellingham , Washington , and I went to any kind of organization where you could imagine the organization that they would like to talk about , but they 're going to break their organization to the military , or it does n't allow them to be able to make a weapon and not allow the people to build things , it 's not allowed to create stuff .
And the problem with this is that it 's a very big invention from this community , and it brought me a tremendous amount of surprise , which is the lab that 's in the middle of Norway , at the north and north of the Cold War , so that the sky is so close to the moon .
They were hoping that they could find the animals in the mountains , but the lab develops very quickly , and they decided to make a village , which was a lab for this lab .
It 's not a college , but it 's a company that 's essentially a custom village , and all the people who live in the world are so good , there 's been a lot of people everywhere .
And we 've now got a diplomats to do this , and there 's a little bit of a biomedical fund .
We think of people who are spending this money in the lab , and it 's going to be the same as if the machines in labs need to stay up to business , it is a wind - powered charge of the wind , so it allows them to do a lot more to MIT at MIT 's lab .
I want to conclude with two things .
And we saw that there was a huge change in the field , and from a big project , from the top of the Big Brigades , a little bit more dramatic , to make sure that every one of these people would get the headrest that they really need to get .
But what we 're trying to do is we 've been able to have a long - term principle of this technology .
computing , communication and energy is still the birthplace of one of these companies .
And if this room is enough enough , you can also solve these problems .
Bohdan from the Ministry of Media Lab is the world 's other five billion people , not technology , they are producers .
The biggest opportunities are the ability to capture the world 's resources and make it available to people to design and build their local products .
And I think it 's 20 years later , but we 've seen it today .
So these kinds of organizations took us to imagine what we can imagine .
And the most difficult thing is about social thinking and communal innovation , but it 's happening .
And finally , the future of San Francisco is going to be the case of Moore 's Law , and it 's my favorite version of the first time , which is the beginning of Christopher Moore , where we see , we 've been growing up and ripe to grow and grow , growing , growth and growth , but eventually we 'll see a big pathway that we 're looking at .
But the other thing that we 're going to do is get out of the wall from a third of a turn , from the opposite side to the content , which is ultimately ultimately the final feature .
And what we 're doing here is the side of the digital revolution , which is exactly the same thing itself .
So the two projects answered my problem , and I did n't ask them to ask these questions , MIT students who showed a country in the developing world , for a group of people who had n't seen a market for one person , the personalized hospitality that I had never seen before .
This is an incredible amount of applications , which is the gap that is created by the number of numbers , let people create tools to solve their problems . Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/steven_strogatz_on_sync.html
U.S. consumption is about 25 percent of the world , but energy T shows , the U.S.
alternative energy , culture , economics , power , technology
<unk>
T Breazeal : Energy depends on energy
I am an appointment .
I believe global warming is very good at this subject .
But what I 'm going to talk about is the security security security .
We have to stop oil from the enemy .
And I said to the National Civil organizing for oil .
Now let me take you back to 100 years ago .
And you might think I was born in the year .
It was n't , I was born in South Carolina .
But to laugh about 2007 , we looked at what we were , our country was facing .
And the same problem that we face today is just a different amount of fuel .
About 100 years ago , what we 're looking at is that coal is the whale , and the oil is the same .
At that time we were looking for a fuel that was more cheap , but it was n't our own national organization .
In 1967 , we picked up the crude oil and the wind plants .
But we looked at it as a 100 years later , we went back to another one .
What are our grandparents ?
We need to use what we 're using .
So now I 'm clear that we tend to choose more and more , and we have our own own -- that 's what we 've got .
And if you look at the world , it 's all about growing up , and this is basically what 's going on at the top of the day .
It 's about 50 million dollars .
There are hundreds of trillion trillion dollars a year - old group .
It 's absolutely impossible to do it .
And if we look at the cost of the high - cost cost , the recent billion dollars from the University of Michigan University in the last year , which is that we 're going to take money to the tooling .
This contains two cost cost .
This is the biggest protection of human history from one organization to another .
And it continues .
And when you 're looking for what 's going on , you look at where the wealth is , and you see here , there 's a ring from us to see the Middle East .
And based on this we found that we were the world of the world .
PH : How do we do this ?
I know how we do it .
I 'm not going to get more than 10 people in this room , and I 'm going to have a couple of times the world .
If you know it , raise your hands .
There 's 12 .
And one is building in China , and we have 11 .
Why are we 11 legs ?
Can we do it ?
Are we smarter than others ? I do n't think so .
And we looked at where these airplanes were , and we got five red places on this slide , filled with the Middle East .
And the first one is just sending up the past , and these are the stars .
So in fact , 11 , most of the most , we have the Middle East .
Why ? Why is it in Middle East ?
They need to be able to control the trajectory of the road , and then they get oil to get it to us .
One day , the U.S. takes 20 million dollars , and it 's about 25 percent of the world .
And it also needs the population of Legos .
And it does n't have to be true .
This is not a long term .
So what do we do ?
Right ?
Yes , it 's going to stay down .
We looked at this slide in 1990 , 1990 .
In this case , oil is going to be going to be going to be going down .
And to look at 70 percent of what we 're using , 70 percent of what we use .
So the people who are proposing us make us use the wind , let 's use wind supply , use solar panels , just as if you 're in the United States , I 'm not as much as American .
But if it 's spreading oil oil , you need to tackle the problem of transportation .
So we 've been able to collect eight million barrels per day , and this is 150 million inches per millimeter , 15 centimeters from the National Gallery .
Now we 're looking at the largest oil countries and the second largest countries that we use 20 million cubic miles of China .
China is a little better , and at least they have a plan and we do n't have a plan .
We 've never seen any energy program in America .
We do n't even recognize our resources .
If you take the past 10 years , we 've been seasoned by the National Organization .
If you take a 10 years to replace it , the oil price will pay for 100 dollars a barrel .
That 's not sustainable .
It 's a matter of cheap oil .
That 's the end .
The National Guard has been clearly clear to us that Saudi Arabia would be clear that they had to sell a lot of their social promises to do their society .
My friend from Washington , D.C. told me , " The cost of oil to produce oil costs . "
We do n't do anything .
That means that no matter how we need to pay us what we do for oil . "
It 's not a free free diet .
The oil prices are the bribe .
This is the National Organization of countries called oil spills .
So what do we do ?
We have to use gas .
It can do everything we want .
It 's 130 meters fuel vessels .
It 's 25 percent more oil .
It 's our rich diversity .
They do n't need to do it .
It 's about 130 miles across the shelf .
By the end of the day , it could be used .
It would be very simple .
Very simple .
You 've got to tell you that I 'm going to show you a little bit about the answer .
But now you can look at this list .
And it 's all the conditions .
It can replace or replace it as ballast .
It could be used for power to use it to transport it .
So we have enough gas .
If you look at the top of the left , this is a 24-hour scale .
This is our last year .
Now , look at the estimates of the puzzle , which is really clear -- industry is very clear about what we 're talking about -- we have 40 trillion tons of gas to use it .
What about the amount of oil ?
It would be a Saudi Arabia to say they had three times .
They claim they had 25 million barrels , and I do n't believe .
I guess maybe 50 million barrels .
But regardless of what they say , we have a lot of gas .
So what I 'm doing is the use of gas .
And my goal is to be a truck truck .
Now there are a couple trucks .
You can use the dry truck of 18 and a half foot -- you get 30 percent of the CO2 , and it 's going to reduce 30 million tons of CO2 and reduce the oil oil .
So you can lose 60 trucks and get 60 to 60 .
There are 70,000 remote zones in U.S. America .
So the amount of gas that we see is that it 's so much gas .
In my age , I do n't need to worry about fuel vessels .
It 's a problem you should worry about .
And what we have is a very good future of gas absorbent because it 's rich .
But as I said , any American thing I 'd like to do .
Now let me take you -- I used to be a gorgeous one , and I was a fancy one .
Now I got a spat .
If you look across the world , there is a sea of methane .
So the methane is , everywhere , should be used to use methane , so that 's a very heavy fuel gas plant and methane cells , but if you decide that you 're going to be using methane as a energy plant , I do n't have to die for the future of methane .
So I think my argument is quite clear that we have to use our own resources .
If you 're going to move into a billion dollars a day .
And we do n't have any energy plan .
So the idea of government is not to give me a little bit of a traffic truck that I 'm looking at at 18 feet .
And if we could do that , then I think we 're going to start the first step of our energy plan .
If we could , we can see our own resources better than anyone .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : Thank you .
So from your point of view , you have a tremendous plan that 's built in the wind , and you 've never seen it because of the economy .
What 's happening ?
: I lost 150 million dollars .
It makes us just throw away something .
And yet , what we 've been faced with is , in terms of business , to change our plan as a principle of the principle .
The donors are gas .
We were working on the wind , and we were in nine dollars .
It 's a summer per capita .
You ca n't do the wind in less than six dollars a barrel .
CA : So , in fact , it 's an increased amount of energy in the development of the cable technology , which is the power of the wind , and it 's going to be the amount of breakup of the wind .
Would you like that ?
PH : Yeah , it 's that .
And we found that the water technology could be used as well as the helium Rover , which is the birthplace of <unk> .
The first one is Texas , Texas and the New York State Department , the temple in the Congo River , Virginia Springs , West Virginia , and in La Nina .
It 's all over there .
And the gas goes down .
CA : Now you 're a big inventor and ready for the market ?
PH : You said , yes , a big one .
This is my life .
And I was a sophomore , and I had a whole lifetime since I graduated from school .
Now I have my own pond .
But I 'm not a big fan of gas .
Somebody said I 'm the second largest engineer in America .
And I hope it was .
But I 'm not just using it .
And I 'd like to be able to wind up airplanes .
CA : But gas is a fossil fuels .
You burn it , and you release the Rover .
Because you believe climate change .
Why do n't you worry about it ?
PH : But you have to burn something .
What can you do ?
CA : No , no , to discuss the future of our future , because every unit of energy is more than oil , right ?
So , based on this , you 're not going to get into the protection of the coal or the oil pedal .
But if it 's only due to this reason because it does n't make a dent in renewable energy , we 're all going to do it right ?
Steve Jurvetson : I 'm going to take Jim Barry to my talk to him , and I asked you how to look at gases ?
And he said , " It 's going to be the currency of the future .
And I asked us what the fuel price is .
What 's our goal ?
And as I said , I do n't worry about this problem .
It should be a problem for you .
CA : PH : I do n't think it 's right .
I think you 're a young person .
You 've got the money you need .
You 're a very small group of people that can be influenced by this .
Do you support the ideas of carbon ?
Do you think it 's meaningful ?
PH : I do n't like it because it 's government to implement this project .
I can tell you that it has to be lost .
The government does n't really succeed .
They ca n't do it for a bad idea .
Just look at the solar system , or whatever ?
I mean , it 's threatened to be a bad idea .
That turns out to be five billion dollars .
I thought about approaching a billion dollars .
But Chris , I think long long - term progresses .
And I can tell you what they 're doing about five years of time , what 's going on at the end of their time ?
First of all , do n't make a burglar alarm on it .
Second , do n't build it in the ocean .
So I think that the automated logic is safe .
Multiply them up to the land , to create a very stable protection of land .
It 's not really wrong .
We have to have energy , it 's certainly not .
There 's no way of resources .
CA : And there is a problem with the audience , and the process of the design of technology is that the radiation is going to be a nuclear engineering problem and how the methane is -- and it 's a more serious problem than a pacemaker ?
Do n't worry about it ?
Christopher PH : How fast ? What is Steve Jobs ?
CA : Oprah .
JA : Four .
CA : You know , we 're not quite a conscious side .
PH : Listen to me , I said I 'd tell you that .
I graduated from college to school .
I was intrigued by the first time in 1953 in the border in Texas .
In 1947 , the tech revolution was invented in September 1979 , and the president of our president came out and said , " This is in 30 years ago .
I did n't know what he was thinking .
And I 'm really sure that there 's no understanding what 's going on in the technique of aviation .
The first one was discovered in 1947 ' 70s .
My first job was in 1953 .
I 've been over 3,000 million dollars in my life .
It never slaughtered the box or made any problem .
Now the largest stock rate in North America is that the city of Texas is in Texas , and the state of the Cold War , the DARPA border , has taken eight million dollars , which is called the Personal Genome Project .
In Houston Springs , the Texas River , Texas , and the Rover , has had more than 80 million dollars , which is in the process of finished .
They do n't have a problem .
I do n't understand why the media is focused on the eastern East Side .
CA : Okay , so you do n't support any kind of ballast or rice .
And from your blueprint , I guess it 's the world leaving the fossil fuels , which means that we have a day to do it someday , and that means we 're going to move solar power to the power of the solar system ?
Narrator : Jim and I were only 13 years of time and wind .
It 's very small because it does n't care .
CA : How do the world get rid of the fossil fuels ?
Narrator : How do we get away ?
We have an enormous amount of gas cables , and you 're not going to use the fossil fuels .
It 's all the most luxury energy .
If you look at California , they have a windshield bus .
And the L.A. Institute of Los Angeles had been added to a 25 years since the L.A. Ocean .
The vast majority of transport use gas travel have been about 25 years .
Why ? Stay in and profit is the reason why they use gas and metabolism .
Now , why is this happening in southern water ?
That 's what keeps the quality of the air .
I understand what you 're presenting to me and I 'm not anti - bullying .
How do we get rid of the gas ?
And my answer is that you should solve it .
CA : Okay , gas is a fuel supply .
And this is the question that you 're trying to solve at the top of the day .
If anybody could find you and ask you a little bit about a part of the solution , that you would invest in these technologies , even if it 's not a profits , but could be the biggest benefit in the Earth ?
PH : I spent 100 million dollars in the wind .
So , I 'm going to invest in that .
And I 'm going to ask you that I 've been trying to tackle the power of the U.S.
As long as any of you was in America , I was all thinking .
CA : Thank you very much , I 'm very grateful to get this talk to this talk .
I think many people want to communicate with you .
What you 're talking about in the audience is really a really bad one .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sheena_iyengar_on_the_art_of_choosing.html
The Internet business industry is often known as the founder of Christopher Park , but the book of San Francisco is a little bit more like an era of industrial engineering .
Rover , business , entrepreneur , history , sports , invention , technology , web
<unk>
Jacqueline Novogratz : The Internet innovation
It 's so easy to think about it , and it 's easy to think .
I know people will see some other speakers , and of course , in technology , never .
In fact , technology is easy to adapt .
And if we look at what 's happening in the last six months , it would be a very difficult analogy to find a simple analogies .
And a lot of the time , how do we decide how to react to things that are going to determine the way we stored things and the dynamics of things .
So , I think that if you can find an image of the image , it 's the first time to describe the network of a network called " The II . "
And this analogy is very easy to understand the other metaphor , and it does n't seem like this .
First of all , the Internet bubble and the oracle is really what happens .
In the South Side of aviation , that 's what people do about seven million dollars from California , which is really true .
And the Internet is completely true , and it creates a real way for people to communicate .
Huge shield , big boom , ultra - heavy , highly sterile .
And then I think it 's all about a lot of tones .
Do n't tell me , you remember all the people who remember the web , like the World Trade Center , for example , in June Square , and the next one of the news stories was silent to the Web .
We 'll go back to the bed , and it 's exactly the same thing . "
In the 25th - axis of the Panzi boat , the typical gold ring of sulfur !
Some people have five , many other people .
Some people can get a hundred million dollars .
And they were really excited about this article .
The Highline in California was found that the Tibetan Plateau was in California .
The opposite of the web and the network is still clear .
They do n't work on their work .
And then the governor goes down and down .
People in the East Coast , in North Carolina , when they first started to hear this , " Not really . "
They keep listening to someone else until until 1850 , but they still do n't have it .
By the end of the year , they thought , " I 'm the happiest guy in the world , how do n't you go to California ? " started feeling a night . "
Now , of course , these are the subjects of the celebrity .
So the local community community united together to organize 10 to 20 people , and they will form companies .
And these are obviously not individual forces , but whether the lawyer or banker , they do their job regardless of what they 're supposed to do , and they do it .
This one on the left , Richard Fowler , who was in Philadelphia , he was walking in Philadelphia , the Colosseum .
They get down the Canaries to the 1600s , across the Oregon Ocean , and transfer the other boat .
This is a parchment doctor in San Francisco to San Diego .
They had the similarities and the doctors , and they gave up the street .
They were successful , and they were a little bit of a surgical trainee .
We 've seen this in the network , and we 've got a <unk> website .
In the midst of Katrina , when we arrived , people were flashing in the boat .
And in San Diego , the most senior when you get 600 pieces of boat , because the mosquito goes down , it 's all the way down there .
And it was just half a cup of stars and 600 boats .
And then the boat was a hospital , because none of them could n't go to the boat .
Compare it to the passion of the Web , and there was a lot of ballast that we had .
And you can see it 's a little bit slow , and the same thing happens .
San Francisco had 130 families .
50 people go to the bed .
He loses half the leaves to find them because they 're worried about them .
One of the guards wrote this : I struggle with this kind of hunch , and I 'm doing the right thing to do right , six dollars a month , the other one on 15,000 dollars .
The consumption of consumption is very severe , very serious .
This is a picture from front of the Kennedy Coast , where the path is called " Rover . "
People take their bags and their thighs .
But they did n't plan it .
They do n't know how far they 're going to go and get a lot of stuff .
And the result of that was that most of the disadvantages and the downs were dead in the workforce .
And the path was called " Frost . "
Narrator : The next side of the community writes out that the sides fell out of a wall , and there was a silver hole on the cliff , which had a fireman 's surface , even though they were able to do it at the same time -- and , at all , I had to say , " Name a long time , there 's a lot of people who are trying to find a very large amount of goods in the population , but I have to talk to you about the fact that there is a
They 're all attracted to the animals , and they 're going to be a little bit of their eyes , and they 're going to be a little more than the other side .
And the way that this path is seen and the experience of suffering and suffering , it 's very , very difficult to use , but it 's not just the same way .
They do n't have the same kind of smell of odors , but the Internet has happened .
And I 'm going to show you one one , and you 'll see what I mean .
This is an aerial view of the year 2000 .
One number two : you say you have a lot of choice , and bankers : Exactly .
Man : So why would she have my legs ?
Narrator : Some of the stuff will cause what 's going on -- and you get me back , Houston !
Chris Anderson : It would be important to talk about you . The first mate : that 's your wife ?
Man : A 15 minutes later , and I 'll tell you , hey , it 's your <unk> .
♫ Sobule : It 's a matter of life , and put it into the world .
It 's very difficult to say this ad .
But this company spent 350 million dollars in the year 2000 , and even at the time , it was about 100 dollars a year .
And from this point of view , we put the Internet seed , and the analogies that are going to happen , but it 's not really a big deal .
In the lexicon , when it works , everything ends up .
There 's a guy who says , " You know , there are a lot of people who are deeply embarrassed .
They came up with thousands and hundreds of millions of dollars , and they spent a long month in health care and money to spend a lot of time at the same time , but they 've always been able to get the nice feedback on what they really did when they actually arrived . "
And of course , it 's a very common story .
Because when you put the last gold ticket , it was very brief , and I mean , if you go back to the South Side of 1976 , the whole river of the river , in less than two years , is that they 're not going to be the top of every rock , so there 's only the big company that 's going on there .
In other words , there 's a good puzzle , and it makes you feel very optimistic about the industrial industry .
There 's a lot of similarities making industrial and the Internet .
In order to build industry in the process of building industry -- and , of course , it 's not the same thing as the Internet , but it is a lot of industry .
It 's not a specific thing .
But the use of electricity is very , very large , so you have to hook it up .
And it could be a way of delivering energy as an appointment .
Even for collaboration , to create a very delicate way , including availability .
There 's a whole bunch of things about electricity .
And what I 'm looking at is that the power of electric power is the instrument of the mesh system .
For the whole world , one of the most significant instruments of all the world is the <unk> .
And the world is connected to the wires of wires .
When people look at the wires , they do n't think other than the other side .
And at the time , people were looking at it -- that people did n't think that the wires would n't go to their home , but to put the lighting motor on the house .
People really get the power and use power -- it takes a long time .
The middle spent -- as you would expect -- enormous capital to build this network network .
And all the TV breaks down .
And this picture is shown here in Manhattan Manhattan , which is building the first column .
They squirt all the streets .
Edison hired firms , and then after liberation , it turns out that it 's a very , very expensive way to do it now .
But it 's not the equivalent of the network .
Because , the network is based on all of these big structures , and the main services are at long long - term phones .
So all the cables and all these institutions -- I just just told you , that part of the Media Lab , in 1994 , was a bit of a <unk> .
In 1994 , how do the Web grows for a year , and they do n't have the external investment ?
Well , it 's because these Rovers , the big infrastructure , has been added together .
And the combination of the light has led to the cost of a lot of equipment , which is going to be the beginning of the Rover , which is going to be the first time .
Of course , the number is very large . The first one is the <unk> -- and this is a picture of the Personal Pavilion invented .
These kinds of devices , the marches of instruments , which is , of course , depends on how you measure it -- about 40 to 60 years . This is a long time .
It was a big success , and it was an enormous success .
They 're very successful .
By the way , this is also the beginning of a battle struggle .
And in that case , there 's a silver object .
So , this is the first time , the waiter in Hong Kong , and it 's a company that 's created by the end of the Cold War , where the 1990s need two people to run a quarter of a car .
So , it 's not a good job .
This is the first time of trade - up products .
Just three years later , it was 1908 , and it killed 40 pounds .
It does n't work all the time .
This is a electricity mat , and it 's not uncommon .
I guess people would n't carry their shrine .
There 's not all the shoes of the shoe really : OK ?
It looks like six different colors .
I do n't know why this is why , but you might think it 's not as much as any time to do some kind of innovation , maybe , right now .
So , we can put it on a ad , and we 'll play it on giant stairs .
PH : We need the right partners , and I think -- I feel that it 's possible to keep it .
It 's a great because people are always doing a lot of time , because it 's a lot of time and energy .
And what I wanted to suggest is , you should know what this is .
And that time was never invented .
Remember , when people do n't use electricity to use power .
They 're in order to climb up . So , you can put your legs out .
They have a light bulb on every surface of every room .
So you can put light on top of it .
And if you do n't see the Hanging loop , you 've got to see this . These are connections .
All the tiles are put on top of it , and what you need to do is to put your light bulb so you can use the rest of the other hand .
The machine is very successful .
It 's a envy and desire .
Everybody wants a fractal machine .
The bottom one on the left is the bed .
There 's a container motor , a motor motor .
It 's clean your prey .
And this is the clean water that 's used , and from here , you can put your clothing out and put it on this bench .
This is a great electric power .
You put it in your mailbox , because it 's a little bit mad .
You have to make a long piece of wire to your house , and you can put it on the ground .
And in fact , it 's a very important thing , because people do n't invent escalators .
It 's more than a source of time , and it 's better than that .
I mean , people do n't want to have anything to do with the light bulb .
And when people do n't want to use the light bulb , they 're going to take it apart .
This is what people do , and actually not closed it .
And as I said earlier , people do n't have to invent <unk> , so the machine is a dangerous device .
And in fact , when you 're looking at these things , you find some horrible description , like people would n't be careful with a hair and clothing .
And you ca n't stop plants immediately because it 's labeled by the light bulb .
There is no turning on the washing machine , so it 's not too bad .
And you might think that we 're really not quite a stupid kind of stupid thing to think of people like the light bulb .
But what I 'd like to talk about is what we thought I would like before I think I was going to show you : this is my meeting .
It was a very , very good one .
First of all , it 's self - compliant . The hull is always going to fall out , so I put it on top of it .
And I do n't have to connect the wires , but it 's not the worst .
So here 's my desk table .
It was my two days ago .
In fact , since 95 years , we did n't have a lot of progress .
Or it 's a mess .
And I think that the future will be better , but you 're not trying to use it .
I think you should try and look at it .
And I know some of the senior members of me who think that this process is very , very painful .
Or , you 've got a couple of dozen people in your home .
Put the numbers up in your house .
The engineers do it every day .
They had to get a couple of times .
One of my friends told me that a story is not just the people there , and then they go downstairs and eventually , the engineers have to call it the third one .
And the people who are happy , because the engineers have a phone phone , and they 're waiting for the other one to communicate and tell them to go back to the code and tell them to go to the code and say they 're getting them out of their own way and they 'll say it to them at the end of the sentence and it 's going to be called to get them up and down to their other ?
Actually , our own self - organizing computer .
By the way , it 's a toy .
That means that it 's a lateral - takeoff design process , which is not used to the Internet , and this is the whole thing , we 're primitive , and that 's the point .
Because , you know , mutations -- if you think of it as a glue , and you 're very depressed , because the last gold will lose .
But it 's going to be so happy that it 's going to be in innovation , right ?
It creates two new problems , and it creates these new new opportunities .
If you believe that , then you can feel that we 're in the situation , and I like this : I love this kind of thing , which is , I do n't talk about the environment of the Internet , but I have n't even talked about Internet Internet -- but the reality is very , very scary .
So this is our situation , and we do n't have hair anymore , but that 's what we 've been in the machine .
It was 1908 .
If you believe that I 'm talking about what 's going on , it 's not going to hurt you . It 's a news in 1996 : " All negative news causes us to solve the Internet problem . "
Out : " Amazon as automobiles , 1999 : ♫ Amazon is bombs . "
My mother did n't like this one .
But , if you really think that it 's just just beginning to be cold , you can look at the Internet , and you 're going to find a lot of hope . And I 'm looking at it .
And I believe that the future of innovation is that we can create a lot of innovation that we 've done .
In sixth grade , I hope I 'd like to take this one .
This is a commercial ad in <unk> .
And it goes out and says , " Do n't just be the only one on the surface . "
I think that 's what we 're faced with now .
We were very , very early . Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/al_gore_on_averting_climate_crisis.html
Robert Kennedy uses evolutionary evolution to explain why we have the golden property of " The Magic Rule " because we sometimes ignore it and why the hope is , in the future , we might have compassion to follow it .
adventure , compassion , evolution , global issues
<unk>
Rob Fowler : The evolution of compassion
And I 'm going to talk about compassion and Golden Rule , from a non - religious perspective , more from a scientific perspective .
I 'm going to try to tell you a little bit about the natural history of compassion and the rule of magic .
So , when I was a little bit deeper , I would n't just listen to the warmth , so it would be like a conversation about compassion .
I want to remind you that .
So I really wanted to say , first , I think compassion is great .
Golden Rule is great . I 'm a dupe of it .
And I think the religions of religions , the world of religion , is the foundation of their belief and the Golden Rule .
And I think religion is not the leader .
I think it 's natural to help them .
What I 'm talking about tonight is compassion and the Golden Rule , which is part of the human nature .
Okay . But I also think that once you understand that they 're part of human nature , you realize that it 's just impossible to determine compassion , assessing the classic rules , that 's not enough .
And there 's a lot of work to do . Okay .
Okay . So , very quickly , the natural history of nature , first of all , is compassion .
In the first time , there was compassion , and I mean , it 's not just human beings , but in fact .
And I think it might be that , in human evolution , even more early , more or less , compassion , love and pity .
It 's the principle of which it 's selected by using multiple choice .
The basic idea of choice is that if a creature has compassion , and this compassion makes this self - help to help the animal , eventually , that compassion actually helps it in this language .
So , from a biologist , compassion is actually a gene that 's actually helping its own way . Okay .
And I reminded you that that 's not the warm and refreshing . Okay .
I keep going . I want to say a little bit about it .
It 's not -- it does n't seem to me -- this is not what 's going on in the way that Darwin 's supposed to be a pity .
In fact , I think bad news is about the choice of choice , just to just say that this language is just just in the family .
This is bad news . The good news is that compassion is nature .
The bad news is that the sympathy of choice is nature 's limit to the family .
Now , evolution has more good news , the second logic of evolution .
biologists call that choice . Okay .
Narrator : An example of compassion is compassion to give you a good job for your people .
Again , you know , it 's not like the notion of compassion that you 've ever heard of the past , but from a biologist , this inhibits compassion , ultimately for self - services .
It 's not that people feel compassion .
It 's not a conscious self - serving , but , for a biologist , he 's logic .
So , you 're most easy to get your friends and the advertisers .
And I 'm sure most of you , when a friend 's friends are very serious , you feel bad .
But if you 're looking at it in the newspaper , something horrible happens when you do n't know , you can do it . It 's not something you know .
That 's just human nature .
So that 's the story of another good news .
The good news is compassion is beyond the logic of the family .
The bad news is that it 's not a lot of compassion .
So , it works .
Now , this leads to another one , and I think it 's a good news , which is that there is a conceit of the human race that people have a intuition about the Golden Rule . Okay .
I mean , I 'm not saying that the Golden Rule is part of our genes , but you can go to an impostor and do n't have any religious society , no religious philosophy , and you 'll find , if you spend time and all of these people , you 're going to have to do it , they 're very good at being beaten .
And the Darwinian psychologist thinks that the intuition has foundation .
So , they understand that if you 're going to be ready for good ideas , you should be really good for people .
And it 's good for other people .
It 's just been built in intuition .
So , that 's good news . Now , if you look at what you 're listening to , you might think of bad news , OK , and that is that we do n't have a lot of love , but it 's real , because , although , at the same time , there is a natural rule of nature .
I mean , for example , no one , maybe , wanted to go to jail , but we always think that some people should be in jail . Right ?
So , we thought we should do it for them and they 're not .
Now , we have a big problem .
We said they did bad things so they should go into jail .
We do n't have one of those to spread the real rules , and the way it 's going to be cube - up .
We have this ability to recline , and we put people in a special category .
And the problem is , even though it 's sent to the prisons , you have an anti - capitalist capitalist decision to decide , and you know , that 's the gold standard , in every single day , we make a decision on the altar rule , which we use for a more nuanced and good equation .
And it 's basically , if you 're my enemy , you are not my friend , OK ? If you do n't have my family , I 'll be more likely to get you to the Golden Rule . Okay .
We 're all doing this , and you can see the whole world .
You know , you look at the Middle East , and people who come from the East are replacing the missile missile .
They did n't want to send the missile missile , but they said , " Well , Israel , or some Israel had done something to be put in a special category . "
And Israel does n't want to go to bed them up , but they wish they 'd like to do it , and they said , " Well , Palestinians , or some Palestinians , they 're going to die . "
So , it turns out that the golden property is a lot of trouble with the world .
And they were natural .
So , in some sense , the lexicon is that part of the fact that we ca n't give us the love of our speech .
It does n't save the world .
Now , I have the good news to save the world . Okay .
Are you nervous now ?
Well , because I told you that the good news was going to be the Copenhagen area .
So I hope I 've got a chance of getting the good news to save the world .
It 's a little iteration of you you 've heard about .
This is a very fast story for games .
Make it feel guilty .
This is the game of zero and " zero to zero . "
And if you ask something about what you 're asking people to be friend and allies , the answer is not zero to zero sum .
If you ask people what to define the notion of the enemy , it 's zero and zero . Okay .
So what does this mean ?
Basically , regardless of the game , it 's your habit , and there are a couple of hash and loser .
So , they get zero .
Well , in the rugby game , they 're all right for you to be good , or the other people are bad , and you 're bad for them .
And anyway , you 've got zero . That 's zero and game .
Now , if you play the <unk> , you 're not talking to you about the people here and the relationship to your relationship , because it 's not a good thing to do with you , but the positive , it is good for your two , and it 's a bad thing . Okay ?
That 's not the zero sum game .
So there 's a lot of play and game games .
In the economy , for example , if you buy things , it means you would n't expect to be a product , but the psychiatrist is not going to do it , but it does n't have to do it .
Both people feel you win . Okay .
In the war , two groups are getting zero and immediate .
That 's for them to win or cheat .
So there 's a lot of zero and zero game games .
So you can basically bend the form of what I said about compassion and the Golden Rule , and just say , " Well , the most nature of compassion is not zero to zero , so that people have to do it as a potential for their friends or modems .
And the most important thing about the Golden Rule is that this is happening in these galleries and of course .
So , the net network , which is what you would expect to express compassion and gold .
Zero and downs , you just want to be able to do it .
Okay . So , now you 've got to listen to the good news to save the world .
Now I can admit that it does n't have to save the world , and now I 've made a couple of minutes now .
But it 's possible , and the good news is that the history of history is to convert non - zero and sterile networks that can be applied to compassion .
You can always go back to bed , and I think , from technology revolution , the road , <unk> , wrote , a lot of transportation and technology , which is much more likely to have more than more or less less than less zero and relationships .
It 's about the story of civilization .
And this is why social organization has been developed by the villages of the ancient village , the United States , and we 're in the world right now .
It 's a big zero - zero story .
You might have heard about each other the word " app " in the future of the world , and it 's not just another statement .
If you raise your fate and another person , you and those connections are not zero and immediate .
And you can always see this relationship today .
You can see that there 's a lot of bad things in the last decade , and the economy is not bad for everyone .
It 's good for the world , right ?
And , you know , I 'm happy to say that I think there 's evidence that there is a disconnect between what 's going on in a moral situation .
I mean , if you look at the American attitudes to Japan , in World War II , to see what 's in the U.S.
Anything that 's going to be adapted to each other , and the relationship to the relationship , the relationship to the human humanity .
So I thought it was good .
And the world is very non - zero .
The environment , in many ways , put us into the same boat .
And there are some of the non - zero factors that people do n't notice .
Okay , so , for example , maybe a lot of American Christians do n't think they 'd like to go to the world to be zero and not zero to zero , but they really are , because if Muslims are happier , they 're really , you know , if the Muslims have a better place , it 's really good for the U.S. security , because it 's so good for American security .
If Muslims are more happy , it 's bad for Americans . Okay .
So there are a lot of people who are there .
So , the question is : if there 's a zero zero or exists , why does n't it be a lot of love , peace and understanding ?
It 's complicated . It might make a whole talk .
But of course there are things like that , and the world has a lot of zero and a situation .
And , you know , sometimes they ca n't recognize the world 's non - zero and sustainable dynamic situation .
And I thought , in these two disciplines , I wanted the politicians to play a role .
It 's not just religion .
I think the politicians can help build the <unk> and the relationship to the economy , and it 's better than the wind , but I thought , at least this tone is so much .
The politicians have to notice , when people look at them all over the world , they 're actually looking at what they call the country , and they find clues to the rest of the countries and the relationship to other countries , for example , or for the United States or the other , like , " Do n't we get a clue ? "
Because other people do n't respect you , from history , in the history of 30 and the end , or building other relationships .
So , we have to notice what signals are .
Some of them are kind of like a political field .
Let me inspire you to do what you 're doing , whether politicians or religious leaders or religion , and we have the only reason to extend our moral imagination , which is that you understand the ability of all different situations .
It 's about compassion , but it 's good for compassion because it takes compassion .
We also have a single story , which is : the imagination is part of human nature .
It 's a good news . But we usually have a lot of salt to get this to use this .
When we 're going to play someone 's enemy , it 's natural to understand their feelings .
The typical example of that is that the United States , the Iranian - American forest of the U.S.
The average American , in general , is a moral practice that 's going to be the moral negotiations of what they 're thinking about , which is that they have a common status in their history .
If you tell Americans , Iranian - American because of American Americans do not treat them even , so they hate Americans .
Anybody who do n't interfere with you , so are you so happy ?
They 're going to be sync with compassion , and it 's also the nature of nature .
Like , like , the Iranians , when they 're trying to get rid of the Muslim government , and they have a difficulty in the U.S.
So it 's very difficult to boost people 's moral imagination in the field of human nature .
But I think even harder , because it 's helping us to understand .
If you want to reduce the number of fences in the mountain , then you know why they 're going to be important .
And I think that 's good moral practice .
And again , I 'm talking about religious leaders , because religion leaders are good to hook things to people , and controlling the emotional forces of the brain to change their ritual .
I mean religious leaders are working with the soul .
And that 's what 's going on from God , for their call of moral imagination , to recognize all the people that are in many ways .
And I 'd like to conclude with this sort of thing , from reality , which is compassion and gold , the Golden Rule , and the sympathy of compassion , is a good news .
Unfortunately , it 's been selectively selectively selective .
We need to take the effort to change this .
And of course it 's hard , but like God 's work , you can do it . Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/scott_kim_takes_apart_the_art_of_puzzles.html
Most of the people who ca n't believe it , but it 's very important for us to show us , good doubt about progress , and she shows why the best partners is not the good people , or the research , the community , a team , how they can scare people to doubt and writers .
business , leadership
<unk>
Jonathan Drori : The courage to accept .
In the 1950s , a great doctor was a good doctor , and she called the doctor McCarthy .
Girl 1 is very unusual , because she 's a doctor in the 1960s , and it 's very rare to the 20th century .
She was very , very good , and she was one of the young ones in the Royal Ballet School .
She was very unusual than she was married to her , and she kept working on her medical job and then she moved her health work .
She was very unusual , because she was interested in a new piece of scientific interest , the research of a disease model .
But for every scientist , she knew she had to take her , and she needed to find the challenge and then fix her .
Narrator : The problem that physicians have chosen is the velocity of cancer cancer .
And most of the diseases are about poverty , but for the sake of cancer cancer , these days seem to look a lot like a wealthy family .
Because she wanted to know , how do you explain this special phenomenon ?
At the time , the writer was very hard to work on her research .
And finally , she just received 1,000 pounds of dollars from the first time .
That means she knew she was only one chance of collecting data .
She does n't know what to do .
This is a scientific study for a lot of data , so she asked all the things she could think about .
Are these kids eating ballast ?
Was they drinking soda ?
Do they eat the ballast and the groom ?
Do they use their resources or their thighs ?
When did they start to school ?
And when she was doing it with carbon , it was an obvious example of the data , and that was the most knowledgeable form of most scientists .
Two thirds , because the children died of cancer , and their mothers are pregnant when they 're pregnant .
And this discovery is a huge impact on perception .
Ideas think that any thing is safe to be safe , like a pacemaker .
And this is very powerful for this idea , especially for new technology , of technology machines .
And the doctors have a huge impact on her view , because they 're all helping patients .
But the writer was very quick to be able to show her the original discovery in Queens .
And people were excited about the possibility of a Nobel Prize , and a writer who could not be able to know if she wanted to go to school and learn all the kids that they could find .
And in fact , she does n't do that .
In 25 years , the health status of England -- the U.K. and the American health of the U.S.
And the data is open , and it 's easy to get , but nobody wants to know this .
It 's a child every week , but it does n't happen .
Open no change .
25 years ago , Ed Fowler was working very well .
So she knew how she was right ?
She had an ingenious model of thinking .
She was working with a Lewis of George Harlan , and George Turner , who was the mayor of the physician .
Doctor , the Fowler and social , is a <unk> .
Doctors are a lot of interaction with her patient .
George Turner : And George more like the numbers , not people .
But he talked about great benefits to their work .
He said , " My job is the wrong thing to do . "
He looked at the wrong proof .
And she studied her model , and her data was to use data to illustrate her wrong .
He took his work to work as a theoretical conceit .
Because it does n't matter if he could n't prove that the physician was wrong , George Bush could have a choice to believe she believes she was right .
This is a beautiful model of cooperation , and it 's a partner for liberation .
And I want to know how many people have been , or a group of partners there .
Doctor and George were good for symmetry .
They think it 's thinking .
So what about chaos ?
Well , first , it needs us to find very different people .
It means that we have to be strong , and that 's what we like to like , like our people like us , that it means we need to find different backgrounds , different training and different ways to think and to figure out how to communicate and think of them .
It takes a lot of bulk and energy .
And the more I think I 'd like to think about , really , I think it 's a love love .
Because if you do n't care about it , you ca n't afford it .
That means we need to be ready to change our ideas .
The daughter of the doctor told me that every time a writer and a colleague of Israel came to meet a colleague , they all gave her thinking .
" My mother " said , " Well , my mom does n't like competition , but she 's really good . "
So this is a kind of relationship between the Guardian .
But this brings me to the most serious disaster that we 've ever experienced , and most of them are not attracted by individuals , but by the way , some of the things that are going to be in the system are much more than the power of a country , or a lot of people .
So what are these organizations thinking ?
In fact , they 're not thinking about it .
This is not because they do n't want it because they ca n't .
Because people in the tissue have a Princeton problem .
In order to researchers and researchers in the U.S. and America , they were convinced they had some of their own self - expression and opinions .
There 's a lesson in which the unexpected thing that 's going to do is do n't want to be cut out of what they do n't know how to do it .
Ninety - five percent .
This means that most organizations do n't do anything that 's not George of George and Miss Young .
They 're not going to be a single one .
And that means that many of us who are united organizations are going to be able to find their best people , but most of them fail .
So how do we nurture our skills ?
Because it really needs some techniques .
And if we do n't have it , we need to think of it as thinking , and we have to be very good at thinking .
So , recently , I was working with a group called Steven Johnson , who work for a medical device company company .
He was worried about what he was working on .
It 's very complicated that this machine might be a little bit wrong .
He was horrified to harm those people who wanted to help .
But he looked at people looking around and nobody seemed to be worried .
So he did n't want to get his ideas out .
After all , other people may know what he does n't know .
He would look silly .
But he was very worried about it , and he felt that the only thing he had to do is to quit his job and love his job .
Finally , Cynthia and I found a way of dealing with him .
And the upshot of this is that it happened immediately .
And everybody has the same problem and skeptical .
So now , presently , and his partner , they can go into a position to think .
And of course , there are a lot of dilemmas and arguments that make people creative , and they can go to solve this device .
It 's a little bit like a lot of the kind of vague people who think that it 's just like all points of light , and he 's not in solitary confinement , he has a passion for organizing and to organize the goal .
And he was too uncomfortable with the truth until the last poem was worse .
And when he talked about Tolstoy , he found more himself and he did n't have a clue .
And his colleague does n't think of his ideas .
They think he 's a leader leader .
So how are we going to get a more easier step closer to this talk ?
Well , the University of Utah decided that all James students had to beat them to the five stories that they were ready to do .
And what 's really important about these books is that these guys are willing to have the ability to challenge the authority to challenge the challenge .
I think this is a system - based system , but I feel like I 'd leave college students , and then date .
I think we should teach the children that children and adults teach them if we want to think about communication and society .
In fact , the biggest catastrophe that we 've ever seen before , very few of the things that are hidden or secret and secret information .
It 's all about these laptops , but we 're not completely ignored because we do n't want to be able to deal with the challenges and the integrity .
But when we 're willing to break this silent tune , or we 'll see , we have the most effective thinking of thinking , and the people around us .
Narrator : The public information is very important .
But the truth does n't make us free unless we have skills , our ability to use , talents and moral .
Narrator : It 's not the end .
It 's just a beginning .
http://www.ted.com/talks/stewart_brand_on_squatter_cities.html
Stewart Brand shares a long - term job of work , and that 's a very , very long time for the future of future time , which inspired us to think about a future that is a really interesting question : what 's going on ?
architecture , art , design , future , technology
<unk>
Stewart Brand on 15-year - olds
Welcome to Long beds .
So let me just show you a little bit about why we are here , maybe you might have some of your hands .
I wrote a book called " The Oprah of Architecture . "
And this talk today : you can understand how it works .
It 's a little bit of a background : the last 10 years , I 've been trying to decipher the human , to make the idea that we can have a long time to think of it , and it 's not the lack of thinking or not .
If human beings can be able to think about the habit of thinking , it would be the Rover , and it 's not like this week or the last 10 years , but the future is the time where the future is going to go around the last 10 years .
A long foundation was in San Francisco .
It was a series of projects that were kind of planned to thinking about the project of negotiating projects .
And our core project is a very , very spectacular project , and it 's a magic trick that can be a long - term trick , a million years to get a lot of time on it .
And the design of this project is really quite fascinating .
Okay , Steve Jurvetson , and here 's a lot of people who are looking at this .
This is the first time that we 've been able to run a long - term model of this .
Six feet .
It 's made by Danny Hillis and Alexander Brown , and it 's in London right now in a science museum .
So , what 's the problem that we 're faced with today , how much of the design of our design today is that this is going to be able to do this for a long time , which is that we can get it out of a hundred years .
And this is the first one .
Alexander Pollan makes this kind of a series of different piles of recline .
And this idea looks good at once when you think about the damage for a long time .
See , this is the destruction of the building .
This is the Paul shrine , and it 's built almost only for the last 20 years .
And this is a beautiful project , and it thought that it could be used because they were using giant wooden barbs .
And this is just a little bit of a pile of wood , and there 's no way of knowing that .
And this is the fate of the building , and it 's all the liberation .
Even the most ambitious , most powerful construction , like the pyramid of the Great , , all the way up to the moon .
Christopher <unk> took the grave off the road .
And these buildings are actually used to preserve things , but they do n't have this effect .
So we thought , well , if the building is not a lunch solution , is n't that good ? Do we think , do you want to put that underground ?
In the Earth 's slow window ?
Find a very strong place .
And the answer is obvious . We need to find a mountain .
And it 's not just a mountain .
We need to be right in the right mountain to get a long - term call .
And so we met the question of search for the right place .
Based on the idea that we think that it has to be a mountain in the mountain of desert , so we 're looking at the urban areas of the U.S.
We looked at the Grand Canyon .
Check the mercury of Arizona .
And in the same time , the National Theatre in America found that we took us to the most young countries , and the oldest National parks , which is the country National Park .
It 's in the border on the border around the east Coast .
This is the highest place in the entire state , and it 's a high - half foot .
You 'll see , in the left , at the bottom of the street , it 's very , very hot on the right side .
This area is very remote , and it 's about 200 miles from the nearest city .
There 's no silver or bust .
There is only one in the U.S. 50 trillion Chicago , which is the nearest road road .
In this room , the right line is the country park .
The green line is the National Guard .
On the left - hand side , there 's the private sector .
And the middle of that is that there 's a long - term diameter area where it 's private , it can recline .
And thanks to Jay Walker and the advertisers , they were here two today , and they 're here in their support , we 're going to start this project , buy this .
Okay , let 's take a look at what 's going on there .
We 're in the valley at the top of the cliff , which is a cliff in Washington , and there 's a crowded foot .
These lenses are made up of density .
It 's about 2,000 feet thick , and it should be a good choice .
And people wanted to go there , and it had to be a little bit like a railway station on a wall .
In June , a long group of Foundation members , some managers and donors spend two weeks , and they were looking at whether it was really the right thing to know if the headrest is actually thinking about whether we 're going to go to this program .
Danny Hillis was trying to solve this problem .
He proposed a theory , explaining how to explain this mysterious meeting .
He said , " This process contains seven factors .
It was a picture of a imagery , and it was the image that you would imagine in your head .
And the end of the journey is to be waiting for you .
And then it turns out , this is the beginning of a lot of life - based .
And then , it 's a very , very fascinating thing .
And the idea is that it 's a notion that you get out of a very difficult situation , and you 're going to get rid of it even -- but you have to go to the past if you 've got some deep convergence .
And then you 're going to see things like the Grand Canyon , and you get you out of the footsteps of wood .
The musicians -- he was involved in a project of a long - term program that took two years to make a CD called " The Battle of Science , " for a dozen years ago .
Part of this is based on the algorithms that are created by the birthplace of empathy , and the tens of millions of years , a hundred million years ago , that every single day it 's going to be a different series of stars .
And the algorithm of this algorithm can be done by 350 times .
We 'll hear the sound immediately .
" Baby . "
Now go back to romance , that seven - section split .
And the thing about this is that it 's retreated , and it 's the most exciting time .
You go to the end , and you want to go .
Danny Hillis said that this great journey should have a mystery .
That 's what you do .
That 's what you get .
You 're going to get back to the back of the world , and you 're going to be able to adjust things apart and learn something about learning .
Now , should n't it be a cup ? Do n't get a function ?
To the end of the object , a kind of object you can take off .
Maybe it 's a flying drill .
One of your own stuff .
How do you study a mountain ? Study recently ?
This is not a normal building project .
To notice what ?
What 's the most impact your mind and decides ?
We start from the border , and if you look at the left - hand side of the country , there 's a place where the National Guard is not going to be the top , the right side is the countries on the right , the countries on the right ?
It might be possible , but it has to be very careful .
And the other thing that needs to be thinking about is the difficulty , the weather , and the height height .
And there is a particular way of looking at trees . You look at the top .
In fact , in Washington , D.C.
They 're the most ancient creature in the world .
People thought they had a big size , and the size was n't really .
And the trees have the roots of the mountain , and they 're growing up and down and down .
It 's so strong that it 's such a very strong amount of time , and it has a long time .
Now , if you 're going on the trees at the top of the mountain , it might go back to a few years ago .
And the rock itself is very beautiful because they work for a hundred years .
The trees did a game test for the trees and they went to us .
Okay , if you want your hands to get your hand up , it 's especially the top one .
Very interesting .
You can feel why it 's called the Personal Genome Project .
And the picture here is that Danny Hillis , which is , in a long way , is in the land of this year , and I should talk about the root of the species , it 's made of a theoretical theory .
In the ' 50s , who was in the middle of the 1960s , he was using a theory of these trees , and the last article wrote a article in " Science " -- " The Battle of Science , " the Journal of research -- the research research .
And he started with this theory , and he was able to look at the root of the species and found that it was about 40 years in the Bay Area and discovered that this region was roughly 40 million years .
It 's a very interesting design for long - term properties .
Okay , let 's look at the Russians . The first was the first time in the land , when we went to the beginning of ' 96 , there was a trillion dollars to buy 180 acres and a couple of islands .
Because the owner of the land says , " Well , there 's a billion people in the land .
We said , " Well , we ca n't buy it for free , and we do n't want to take any clues ?
We 're a non - profit Foundation , and you can give us a big amount of power to us .
As long as you could prove that to the government a billion years .
More than a few years ago , we had a couple of dozen dollars , and the help of choice and Jay p.m. we ended up with 14 million dollars .
This is one of the guards in the womb .
It 's called the helium Falcon , and there 's a little bit of it , but it 's just the point .
And there 's a one - meter line where it goes down to the east , and it 's going to go into a very interesting place where we go to where you 're looking at it , but they 're just looking for it .
It 's not very strong , too strong .
Slim - bodied , you do n't need any protection of any kind of tree .
And the implication of that is that some of you need to have some kind of responsibility to the top of it .
This is Ben Henry , who is the Furby Mall .
And there are a lot of odd things , like this fungus , which grows in a lighter wood .
And this is another one of mine , and it 's in the middle of the mountain , in its history .
And that was the first time in the land of a lot of Los Angeles , and it was a dynamic pathway .
In fact , it 's the highest concentration of high altitude in the West Coast .
You can imagine what 's going on at the top of a cup , and it 's how it feels .
You might recognize some of the projectors .
On the right hand side , on the left , there 's Paul Paul , and they 're looking for the tooling , but they ca n't find it .
They work in work , and the last one was the last one .
It 's called the Personal Falcon , and it 's in the valley
On the left - hand side , on the right , he was tracked with the people in the National Park , and he had a mile outside of the country .
They found four different bats .
Now , it 's almost all the Indians on the table .
It 's a place to think about .
They do n't usually fade .
Look at the weather . The weather is very special .
More interesting than the Alps of California .
A Tuesday in June , we were there .
On the morning , the hill hit the hill .
And we went to the top of the mountain , and we had to look at our climate . It was a great thing to do .
The landscape was beautiful .
On the left - hand side of the screen , this is the area where the National Guard spends a place where she 's the national driver of a country , and they allow us to use this one .
We want to get a long - term land using arbitrary procedures , and it turns out that time is a time for abuse consent .
That 's interesting .
Christopher Cesar and Sherman were designed to design a wireless kit .
By using solar power , data transfer signals through the bottom of the EPA , reflects the data back at the top of a cliff , and by the way , by putting data on the ground , it sends data to San Francisco , which we announced in the Web .
So you can see the last week on the site , the weather in Washington , D.C.
Okay , so look at what 's going on there .
And the truth is , none of these stars can go out to Washington , and there are some very old mines that are like this , so you go to any place where you 're going to spend any place in the jungle .
But there are no exceptions , but no one has no idea of trees , because it 's a long time .
You might get a few days and you 'd never met one person .
Here 's an alternative path .
You 're going to go to Lincoln .
And it 's beautiful , and there 's a piece of wires on the bottom of the cliff , which is very smooth to walk , but when you 're here , you get a problem .
You can choose , you can take care of the emergency valley as a turning path .
Another possibility is from the mountain of steel .
You can also understand why we call it a long time .
On the bottom of the hill , the high - altitude valley is very smooth , and it 's going to be able to go into the Rift Valley and I want to tell you a little bit of the area of a cup of feet .
And you can go to the grass and walk through the cable , and it 's going to go down and down at the top of a row , which is the problem .
And the dawn of thunder was leaving us , and we said , " Well , let 's say , " Let 's take 10,000 years to survive .
The more difficult people get to the value of it . "
Okay , so here -- there 's 600 feet tall .
Turbo 's trying to figure out what he wants to do , and he 's at the top of the road , and he 's got a dozen feet off the door .
But what we know is that it 's going to go down to the altitude of the Galapagos , and the power will fall down and down , but your emotional emotions are really good for it , whether you 're willing to want to be a good one .
At the time , Danny Hillis was also able to estimate the height of his brain that he could n't be calculated .
I used to stand up with a blade of horse , and when he arrived on a cliff , he said , " There 's an V - shaped V , I think I could get there . "
He would take it down , and it was the DARPA leader .
I do n't want him to die because I know he 's so passionate about it .
I said , " You 're gon na be careful , Be careful . "
And he came up with this , and I heard , " I climbed down half the distance , it 's not a couple of times , I 'm at 60 degrees . "
And here 's a secret channel , like a leader 's drawing .
And I said , " You know , Be careful , you 're careful . "
And then I heard " I get up to the top , and you can see the same thing . "
He 's on the top .
Here it is .
He was the first one from the top to Washington , and it was completely one of the people .
This discovery has totally changed our view of what we 're thinking about and how we react to them .
We thought we had a need to see something called this shrine .
Is n't it ? Do n't worry ?
Eventually we decided to put it on the door .
It 's a very , very beautiful time -- if you 're in the Houston store , there is a beautiful piece of wood , and it 's called the name of the title .
It 's really hidden that it 's hidden , and it ca n't be seen in the map .
You can only wait for the first time , and you 'll see that the spike is actually discovered .
One day , Danny and I went to the same place and looked at the bottom of the right - hand corner , and saw the fall of a cliff , which is just like a rectangle , there are some beetles that are going to be on the top , but if you 're trying to figure out how to find a long time , you might get to look at it .
And the people who want to look at the mountain can see that they look very little , and it 's on the ground .
How do they go there ? Am I supposed to do that ?
And that might be a long - term payoff band and a prestige attraction .
Here 's another angle of view , which is the South , and then let 's go north to the north and see the whole column .
You know , Danny adhesion is about trying to calibrate the time for every time that everybody 's going to jump on at the breakfast station , and it 's so hot to drive a solar - powered vehicle that will adjust the duration of the solar system .
So even though the Earth is slowed down , it still ends up .
This is from south and north , from the north .
Here 's the area of deforestation , and if you go to the top of the cliff , you see the long - term Foundation in the woods .
And if you look at it again , you 'll notice that there 's a little bit of this experience .
So this is a long - term view . This is from the horizon .
And this is actually the sixth line , which is really the Gulf of Mexico .
It 's a very different place . There are high - speed feet , which is very spectacular .
And if you look at this picture on the right , the edge of a cliff is about 600 feet high , and the left leg is out of half a cup of feet and then he goes down and down the stairs , he 's going down to the wall .
That 's what it looks like .
And I think we should probably be there or something like that .
The Highline is relatively much bigger .
Notice it was n't a snow , it 's white .
You can also see a very large amount of stars .
These are coming from the Houston store .
They have a good right here , but it 's not the case .
Danny Hillis has been looking for a answer to a design problem .
And he was thinking there was a long - term leader , and it looked at the top of the valley , and it looked at the top of the cliff .
And the real top is in a hidden corner .
We 've been in charge of the military department .
And the answer of this is , of course , from the valley at the top of the cliff , it 's a kind of a visual mistake .
So we 've got three design problems here .
This is a experience of seaweed .
And the experience of that is the only experience .
The third dimension is that the third side of the Starr experience is completely overwhelmed by the limit at the Monterey Canyon , and the bottom side is the one that goes on the river and if you 're going to look at it in the bathroom , you know , 15 miles across the corner .
You know , you can see that there 's a lot of farm spreading into the water , and it 's from the water .
In that case , you can even see the stars .
One of the farm eggs is called the Personal Cross .
It was beautiful there .
And the Russians can see the trajectory of the lake and the cows , and it 's made by Paul and Goldstein , which is beautiful , but they 're doing it as well as they do it .
There 's a lot of problems in the farm .
This is from a farm from the farm , which is the bottom of the farm .
And if you go to the racetrack , you see how the top valley is .
And this is the winner , and they 've got thousands of years , and they have thousands of years .
A long - term Foundation is considering whether they might buy this valley , because it 's a hundred dozen acres of land , which is the land of five square miles , and we think that there might be a cup of dollars in the valley -- and then we thought , well , maybe the cow is going to take it down to the right time , so that we can get it on the top of a dozen dollars , you know , this is a piece of time .
Okay , let 's look at the stars .
So this is a process of a decade - old process , and it 's supposed to be a profound sense of efficacy .
On the bottom cliff , there is a natural pyramid .
Is it 12 feet deep , but was n't it ?
You can go to sell , go down and get it .
You might find an impostor when you get a grapes , and it turns out it 's more smooth .
And the rock clearly has a lot of people .
You 've got to go through a lot of tails , and you 'll end up with a long time .
This is not an example of mine , and this is a map of a building , based on the basis of the building structure , which is the way you feel the feeling that it 's going on to the right side of it .
And the architecture of this building is not the way the building does n't work very quickly .
And this is the wisdom of giving us wisdom .
The most amazing places are the most glamorous places , and it 's raising a secret to the secret .
And what we do is , we put it into a spectacular part , and let 's take it to the latitude of the celebrities and the other .
It 's not a big big clock , but it 's a community - based community .
The Native Africans have a clue that , you know , what you need to do is take a long time .
The Native Africans ' Lord " -- Welcome to San Francisco .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/steven_strogatz_on_sync.html
Narrator : With a very rapid introduction , a lot of a dedication to a group of collective people -- from the 1950s to San Francisco to North Carolina , and he said , " Time - ups . " In his talk , he could find how happy it was to be creative .
business , creativity , design , entertainment , humor , media
<unk>
Isaac Pollan on the design of design
I was like , " Boy a little bit . "
I 'm not going to sleep a lot , and I 've slept with this thing as a big virtue , in a few years , because I think it 's harmful to be harmful .
Now I 'm going to be a little bit like sitting in a way , and you know .
But the years of that , I was sitting there , and I wanted to talk about my creativity in a very big level that was inspired by this kind of thing .
I was lying down , and I looked at all the ideas of thinking , I was walking .
And sometimes I used to get out of night .
And in the daytime , they 're looking very interesting .
And sometimes -- in fact , the first page of the book was on the board , like looking at the men , and I was following him with a really good shoe .
So I 'm following that chap .
And then gave him a picture of his shoe , and the rest of the hand goes all over .
And I 've always been this one .
In fact , I think many of my design ideas come from wrong and eyes .
Because I felt like , you know , there are a lot of images everywhere around it .
And what 's interesting about it is that it 's kind of a wrong way to look at it , and , of course , it 's very , very well .
And so often , I 've seen a black hole in the fence , or something that 's interesting , and it looks interesting or better or it 's a good or practical design coming from a certain kind of meaning .
So I took the car off , and then I went walking and found that there was no black hole , but it was just a shadow of the eye , you know .
And I thought it was a black hole , and I got it out there .
Somebody has made this wrong , so I ca n't do it again .
I do n't know where the inspiration came from .
For me , it does n't come from research .
I do n't need to investigate my inspirations .
In fact , one of the best things was , I used to do it in my whole life , in the New York Times in Christmas .
I was on the cusp of the Panzi Catholic in the perfect orchestras of Thanksgiving .
You know , I read it as a poodle .
And I found this incredibly smart Gothic I like .
And this woman named Albert Shepherd , my friend , who came to the Rift Valley , said , " Oh , you know , Josh , if you do , I 'm talking about the Russians .
I said , how could I possibly be Sunitha ?
And I know that a wolf and a bird , you know , he throws the bird out , and then eventually you hear , what do you tell you ? You know ?
So I 'm not sure that it 's not really clear -- actually , I actually do my special research , you know .
And if I do that for 18 centuries , or anything like this , I would do a lot of research because it 's interesting , not because that 's what I should do .
Narrator : Specifically , especially , it was quite fascinating to attract me .
The color of the movie is the way the light bulb is able to grab the color in the string , from the sensors behind the strings , or from sensors that look like this .
Anyway , let 's say this little footage , and show you , show you .
I 'm sitting on the movie at night , and it 's often looking at women 's movie .
And I would think , you know , their role , and you 're going to try to figure out what your daughters looked at .
Because I always watch a way of looking at women .
It does n't matter whether they 're illegal , or , you know , for them to be ironic or they do n't know if you 're , in a way , to see it .
I will never go back to color .
The colors are very compelling .
I 'm really hard to find color in nature , even though , you know , with the color of a synthetic color and a beautiful color .
So that 's what I did . I made a lot of research .
But most of the time , I thought , well , how could I be able to do this beautiful thing like snoring ?
How could I do this with a beautiful thing ?
I mean , it 's impossible , you know .
So that 's what makes me away from the night , and I guess you know .
I 'd like to show you -- I want to be a big -- and I 'm always going to go to the tooling and the groom , and that 's the other thing that I inspired .
People say , " Oh , do this . Tell me to do something .
So I did .
I 'm 21 years old , and I 'll tell me that I 'd met a man who I met in my house and his name , right ?
So , you know , a couple of years I should have to go all the way to the bar and I met any of the people that I 'm going to get out of it .
And sometimes I 'm actually struggling with this , and I would say , you know , go on one one and then say " Rover . "
And then you go back to the people , and I 'll just walk down the past .
And a long time ago , I had this very interesting experience .
And he ended up on the end of the project called my destiny , and I put up a pin - up guy with the equivalent of something like a <unk> poet .
And I think you 're going to show you a movie because I 'm doing this crazy .
See it .
Very impressive .
Old Milk Carton : Thank you , we asked everything .
The title of this show is this story , which is about my mom .
It 's sort of like a kind of a blend from her .
So I was at a crossroads with a man .
Just because he was so happy , I swear .
I compared to him about a year .
We were very excited about each other , so we decided to tell our parents .
We 're going to talk about them .
My mother was a little sensitive to his mother , and his mom was able to cure the difference of the whole thing .
You know , it 's illegal .
So my mom felt that she had to go back to her , and she said , " Are you kidding ? They were born a one . "
They 'll eat it together and watch it . "
They go to dinner and they go .
This is the title of the show . They go to dinner and they -- I die after my whistling .
" He was entering to dinner . " It was right .
When I was on this film , I did n't have the thick ice cream to put me on a video called " The Panzi . "
So you might have a good time to see my show .
Because a little bit of a sudden , it felt like ...
I do n't know how to describe this .
And the more I feel , I think , is good enough .
And at least for me , because , if I 've been doing the same thing , I do n't know , and I 'm really very boring . I get bored .
I 'm not saying I can make everything work . I just say I 'll do a lot of things , and it 's .
I 'm going to try to do that before .
And if ... I guess I do n't sleep every night .
Like , pause and thinking , you take you so nuts .
But I think that 's true , right ?
Because if you do a lot of things , you would be bad for everything , but not one .
You do n't get a sense of imagination .
Yeah , it 's true .
I 'm going to show you this , and I 'm going to tell you a little bit about this .
I worked with a lot of different fields .
Like a boomerang , and a lot of them , many of the gossiping with Mark Pollan , who was one of my greatest friends .
And I designed it with him . This is , recently , the last one .
I was a hero of my dance world , and I was a teenager .
I read art in high school , and I was a actor .
A lot of my friends are the same .
And I 'm not inspired by where there is .
I do n't know where it came from .
I was a kid at a young age .
Maybe that 's where I 'm inspired .
And the high school was high .
I was in high school , and I knew some of the romance .
You know , it did n't know how I was designed to design .
And I went to the University of Design , and I started working with the career of my designer .
I do n't think it 's a designer . And I 'm not thinking of myself as an interface .
I do n't know what to call me .
I think I 'm ... I do n't know what I mean .
That 's it .
But I had to say that it was kind of a boring thing , and I think it 's a very important thing to do with designers .
You should be pretty boring for everything everything .
If you 're not , you have to get a little bit boring .
But I really felt a little bit boring .
I always wanted to work for my work , and I said , Mary Mary , she would get all the things -- and she took all sorts of things .
All the business works .
And I always gave her a lot of time on the computer , and I 'm going to play a lot of time on the computer .
To spend time on the computer , like , you know , it 's too much that I think the world 's most unlikely places like 10 years ago , I want to be a TV center to make a television center , just like some dance .
Because it 's all about some of my favorite things , all right .
And if you 're bored , you can go to the other thing and do something else , talk about it , right ?
So I did this television .
It was a very , very important part of my career .
Do n't that matter ? Do n't you ?
This is one of my favorite favorites in my eyes .
Dr. Oscar Blair : We went back to live .
Hey , guys .
SS : Hello , Ben .
AK : So she looked a little bit cute .
Man : She said , " Absolutely ! "
Old Carton : Oh , wow . Wow . Now , what I 'm going to do ?
I do n't want to go to bed .
I do n't want to -- well , we start .
Do you think that nervous ?
Dr. John : What ?
There 's no way .
Woman : No , no , never .
I have never been an emotional response .
You 'd have been cute .
Do you like ? Okay .
Do n't you want to look cute ? You hope it 's cute .
Man : Yes , I hope it 's cute .
Old Carton : Just confirm it because people want to look , Pepsi .
Interviewer : No , I do n't .
AK : A few stories about the rich people who have their kids , but these kids are very , very bad , and you know what I mean ?
There 's always a solution .
Because only because you 're super - rich , ultra - famous , that means you ca n't have children ? Because you know what their lives might end up ?
<unk> : No , but that means you want to put them in the first one , I guess .
But you need to make decisions .
My kids were seven , who knew ?
They would n't get 14 to the airport .
Maybe they 'll watch this footage , " I 'm a good mom . "
My God , this is one of my favorites .
AK : Looks good , right ?
Woman : I 'm about to ask you , your hair -- <unk> : No , it 's a nice -- nuts .
Old Carton : I think it takes a little bit .
Woman : Oh , no , we 'll go step step back . Man : We 're doing it .
Old Carton : Do you fear ? You look cute .
Man : No , I like this , this is a new one .
Old Milk Carton : Oh , great .
SS : Four hair . ♫ Sweeney : Oh !
So , it 's all the most boring thing .
I mean , it 's like taking some people who have been cute .
That 's not boring . This is n't boring , and what 's interesting about it ?
And I read a good day , and I said , " Move people so well because it makes you think you 're going to die . "
Right ? And then , I found that it was my website , and it said , " I 'm talking about it . And I thought , oh , let me just interview a few things .
I forgot that I said that , but it 's true .
I 'd like to show you the last film , and I 'm going to leave you with this movie .
And I told you , I 'm always wrong , and I love taste .
And I always translate things to food .
Like I said , " Oh , would you put it on the door ?
How do you negotiate ? Put a ticket ?
How do you wear a ticket ?
I always connect the food and the kitchens .
And I think that 's the final conclusion .
All the things go into the food .
Just look at this .
And this is what I 've been doing , thinking I think it 's the most interesting thing in the world .
It 's like this website .
There 's a lot of different things on it .
A very dense site .
We took a lot of meetings like TV .
That 's what I really love to do .
It 's about the fall of February . Who knows .
Again , I did n't say it was good , and I just said it would n't be boring .
And this is the last one .
MM : Narrator : For you , I 'm always going to pay for milk or selling milk .
chef : Right ?
Old Carton : Yes , but I never found a ticket , never .
Chefs : Oh .
Old Milk Carton : You ca n't find a fireman 's milk and you ca n't find it .
chefs : Do you find ?
Old Milk Carton : It 's a prestige loss .
PH : No , but it 's like that .
CA : All right ?
57,683 : Oh , you 're not ? I tell you .
Let 's talk about some interesting things .
Old Carton : Do n't laugh , little laughing .
I know not to know that the missile loss of the Bonobo does n't know .
Sorry , what ?
Berners : Okay , so I 'm going to talk about that .
You know , when they were doing sheep , you know how sheep did ?
Old Milk Carton : Okay ?
Chefs : Do n't the sex ?
Old Milk Carton : Exactly .
PH : Take the Legos off , you get it apart .
And the fluid is actually a smooth fluid .
If you put it on the head , you get the baby sells .
That 's a long time to do this .
It could be used for the oven and everything .
Now , you buy the ballast milk , and actually the milk sells , the milk sells .
Old Carton : Sorry , I did n't know , OK .
PH : He 'd like to do it because of the milk .
Old Carton : Yes .
Now , what does this mean ?
Okay , so , thank you very much .
For TED , this is great , and I love it , I like this .
Thank you , Goodbye .
http://www.ted.com/talks/steven_strogatz_on_sync.html
Why ca n't the political organizations that are not going to be able to go back to places where you could n't survive ? Rupert Breazeal , a bully of Islamic modernism , and the history of the global community , the way the world is faced with the challenge of transitioning to the World Trade Center , which is a great talk from TED .
culture , global issues , politics
<unk>
Rachel Fowler : A global culture with a race
Do you ever want to know why the great majority of the Muslim countries have been powerful in the war ?
Do you ever wondered about how this works ?
Do you have to look at the historical history and think , " How do we see this history ? "
" How can we do better for that ? "
My story , I personally know , led me to TED today and talk to the last decade of the Muslim world , and even more than a decade ago .
And I 'd like to share with you the stories that I 'm talking about , and there 's also a role to create social movement in the Muslim world .
I started this one , and I wanted to introduce you to a very short history , if I could .
It 's very clear in medieval society .
identity is fundamentally determined by religion .
And we came up with a period of 19th century , and in the European state of European countries , there was a powerful identity of the identity of the clash of race .
And so the identity of identity is essentially the nation of race , which means that the fact reflects the truth .
In the 1970s , we continue developing .
I call it the age of <unk> -- where people can have a lot of race , and the situation is the product of a country .
You can be <unk> , and you can do it as well as the bed nets , as you can do for Pakistan .
But now I believe we 're going to move a new era , and this new age is called " Behavioral era . "
I 'm going to define behavioral generations for a while in which there are more than a couple of people who are thinking and the stories of the story .
These are not exactly the way that people behave , and the story is very dynamic .
It 's not just good news , because I also believe that hostility is all over the world .
In fact , I also believe that the people who really use this behavior until recently , until the last six months ago , those who have been used at the end of the time , they used the behavior of behavior , and they use them to take the digital action and the other kinds of technology .
That 's what I wanted to talk about .
If we 're looking at Islam , if we look at the conditions of this extreme , they 're very good at one of the most good skills , and they get one thing to do with technology , to use technology to make the information that the technology is going to create a real world .
Now I learned that because I spent 13 years in my life that was spent in an extreme Islamic organization .
I actually used to be an appointment dynamic , particularly in the Gulf of information , and I saw the rise of Islamic modernism and Islamic faith , which is very different from Islam and the Islamic world .
My story , my experience , is a great proof of what I want to look at .
I was , by the way , and I grew up in the U.K.
Anybody from the U.K. knows we 're at the racetrack .
When I was born in Oprah , 16 , I joined a organization .
When I was 17 , I sold the Corporation of tissues in Cambridge .
When I was 19 , I became this leader in the U.K.
When I was 21 , I founded this organization in Pakistan .
22 years old , I founded this organization in Denmark .
And 24 years old , I was arrested in Egypt , and the three countries in the world had been added to the last three years to try and rethink their government and I became tortured by the prisons .
And that time , by the way , took me across the world and said , " Well , we laughed for democracy .
We think they 're coming from the past .
We thought they were very tired .
And I learned how to use email from writing organizations .
And I learned how to work on self - organizing communication .
And I was recognized , of course , in Egypt .
And I learned to use technology because I 'm in a service organization where you need to think about more than the border in the state of culture .
In the act of behavior , there is a quick decision between behavior identity and loyalty .
So as I said , we 're looking at things like this .
It 's not just Islam .
But if you look at the picture , even in the aftermath of the Cold War , you 're going to do it in the aftermath of the Cold War .
An anti - Islamic face , which is emerging , and it 's a map of it .
And the consequence of this is to influence the political power of Europe .
And what 's happening is that the individual colony of the Bonobo , or the chimpanzee , and they 've been beaten by each other , but in a way that it 's a global way of being , because it is , you know , the mainstream .
Because the network and communication technology connects them together .
And if you look at the development of Europe , you 'll notice that some of the things that are going on in the political , but it 's also the same thing .
In some countries , the <unk> was banned .
In other countries , it 's also not being banned .
In addition to countries , religious meat is banned , and it 's right now .
On the other hand , we have the Islamic monastery , and this is the kind of Islamic compass that 's done in their society .
The people in these neighborhoods are connected to this kind of connection that they actually feel the mainstream .
In particular , it 's almost impossible to be impossible .
They were surrounded by isolation , and until these advanced technologies brought them together to connect it to a part of the masses .
What does this mean to all of this ?
I believe they 're stuck .
I 'll be here for example .
Do n't know if you remember Christmas , there is a guy who is going to be <unk> <unk> .
It 's a American citizen , and it 's also a female in Yemen , an elder bank of a Nigerian bank .
This is a Nigerian student at London , in Yemen , and he came up to a flying flight in Amsterdam and plan attack .
And at the same time , it 's about 96 percent of the great ideas of this student , and the Korean bank , who stands to the CIA , said he 's going to hit the U.S. and said , " Well , his son would attack .
There are tens of thousands of prescriptions that are represented by the state of state countries , and no way to go into the power of the social movement , but they 're finished .
The last 59 bombing was successfully successful .
And this is a very scary example : it 's an ironic example of how we find the benefits of the globalization of globalization using globalization .
Why did they succeed ?
Why ambitious democracy is being adopted ?
We need to understand the power of social movement to really understand this problem .
In my opinion , a social movement contains four main characteristics .
It 's based on the notion of the concept , and the leader , and the leader .
I 'm going to use a clear example of explaining , which is the case of everybody in this room .
And if I asked you to think about the concepts of the site , that 's what you can think of as the DARPA organization .
And I think if I take you to consider this organization , the problem of the Western countries -- the West countries and the Islamic state , needs to be the World Trade Organization , insisted , and you can think of this very well .
By the way , the difference between the concept and the gap is : The concept is a person believes this , but the reason is that it 's a way to sell this .
So the idea of building blocks and story immediately is in your mind .
And if I asked you about their symbols and their leaders , you can think about it immediately .
One of their recent leaders was killed in Pakistan .
The symbols and leaders are very quick to think very quickly .
And that 's the power of social movement .
They were able to do it with the concepts , and they were the same , symbolic , and the leader , and the leader .
Yet , if I take you to focus on Pakistan , and you think about the symbols and leaders in our Pakistan today , you 're going to think of a lot of pressure , especially if you want to get rid of it .
It meant , from definition , this leader is not there .
One of the problems that we 're looking at is , in my view , there is no global health campaign in the world , and the ground 's social movement is particularly part of a democracy , particularly in a Muslim society .
In the Muslim society , they do n't have a terrorist system , and it does n't work with the construction community , the democracy organizations .
We do n't have the idea of the concept , and the leader , the leaders , the symbols from the ground to democracy .
,
Why is it that it 's a very high - tech , or a Islamic government -- or Islamic molecule -- Islam that means that the people who want to wear a Islam race in a society -- why do they succeed , and why are they going to be in the world of a kind of political way to organize the culture of culture ?
I believe that there are four reasons .
First , it 's a godsend .
Because the people who are involved in democracy are most of the political leaders , or the international leaders .
In this case , it means that they do n't think of it as a culture .
Second , I believe it 's about politics .
We 've been working on democracy in order to support democracy , because we 're using it to connect to our values -- we make sure that we believe that the values of the molecule , the combination of stars .
But in fact , whenever we talk about human rights , we really say human tools are all around the world .
But once you do this , this behavior is being connected to the new kind of behavior , or Islam with Islam .
And to go around and say , I believe that democracy is the best thing we 've ever been on , and that 's what we have to do with the political activity , which has always been connected to the guns .
Number three , in many societies , democracy choice to political choice , which means that the party is going to get people to vote for them as a railway station , but the other thing is that there are other parties , and they have other alternatives to people who are trying to adjust them to make their vote .
And the third party is going to go out and say , " Give us a ticket , and we 'll build a cup . "
In contrast , it was a choice of choice , but one of the political choices in the society in this society .
And the upshot of this is that when these party came out of Sputnik , and they were able to fail , or inevitable it was the wrong thing to do with their political mistakes .
And then people said , " We 're going to try and do it . "
" We continue to use it . "
The fourth one , I believe , is that I call it a unified conceit .
What I 'd like to suggest is , if this world is a communist country , it 's a lot easier to use for democracy as well as the breakup of the democracy , and the world 's protection is the United States , which is in the USA , a little bit of some land that is still helping democracy .
It looks like this , and the reason is that four reasons make democracy harder , especially as a leader of civilization , but not just a political choice .
And when we talk about these things , we should take some of these ideas .
Just just a little bit about celebrity ?
Just just about losing education ?
And the statistical result shows that most people have a very high - tech education .
In the case , they 're more educational than the decade of education in the West .
For example , we can confirm whether poverty is the only factor , bin Laden is one of the richest countries in Saudi Arabia .
His disciples , Craig , is a pediatrician -- not a lack of education .
The international aid and development continues , but in these societies , it 's been evolving fast .
And I believe that it 's really the real ground movement , especially in the bottom , except beyond the international aid , besides education .
It 's not about independence , but it 's a real need for their real needs .
And I believe that it 's all about the bottom of the front door .
And the idea of post - wandering is that you get a way of making democracy to the ground to the ground , and the values of democracy .
But the Islamic molecule and the very face of self - organizing , over a decade , has been built over the course of a decade .
They built a civilization - class civilization , especially in the ground , and we see that these societies are going to be a society that 's a little bit of a Islamic race .
The Highline in Pakistan , the main part of the Arab Age , was founded to build a group of municipalities , rather than a democracy .
And the reason is that it 's time to cut the time , they 've been working on the ground to build their needs .
And one of the most important things about this is that the young people who have a real chance of designing democracy can be positive -- it 's not just election .
But they do n't have the freedom , it 's not the case of freedom .
Without human rights , you do n't have to get involved .
You do n't have the power , you 're not going to have the power of organizing .
So , what we need to do is that the culture of democracy is the same for democracy , and the need for this culture .
And that could prevent me that the question that I talked about earlier , especially though the party of the celebrities is just a political choice in society and other choices , like military forces and the politics politics .
But if we can go from the top of the civilization , it 's not just about politics , not only from political level , from one more than a political standpoint -- not a movement of parties , but to create this civilization - cultural movement .
And the final situation that we 're going to see is that the ideal situation you can see in this slide is not to vote in democracy , not for democracy .
But to achieve the political choices in this phase of society and construction , it 's not just the birthplace of the winds and the military industry -- for example , you vote in democracy , and that democracy is n't just one of their own choice .
In order to get to that stage , we need to start building the world 's needs .
Now that 's what happens ?
Egypt is a good one .
And Arab countries noted this all over the world .
But what happened was that in the Arab Age of Arab States and Egypt did n't have the role for me .
And what 's happening there is a political recursion in the political community , and it 's a leader leader .
We need to move further .
We need to understand how to help the society from the political factions , and it 's very crazy to change the intersection of civilization in a culture of civilizations and the benefit of democracy .
Because it 's not enough for a leader for the leader , or a dictator .
It would n't be able to ensure that it would be a society that was created by the social value of democracy .
But it turns out that the trend begins at the beginning of Egypt , the Middle East and the net .
So when the Arab Institute was developed in Egypt , we went across that area .
In the ' 80s , when the 19th century was in the middle of the year , it took all the Middle East to all the Middle East .
What we 're trying to do is -- as young as the young stars today , what we 've shown today is that it 's not just about terrorists , that there is a chance to have a opportunity to get democracy to the areas of the East culture , which is a chance to get into the area of an area in which it is to go across the region of this area and continue to be able to do it in a place where it 's in the midst of terms of a lot of urban culture .
But it would require us to help these society from just the political community to create real environmental movements to listen to democracy .
We 've been starting to build a movement from Pakistan , called <unk> , where we 're trying to encourage young people to overcome the actual culture of democracy .
I 'm going to end up with this idea .
I 'm talking today about this , thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/scott_kim_takes_apart_the_art_of_puzzles.html
When Iran is in Iran 's news , Clay Shirky shows Facebook , how Facebook and the text helps the citizen to overcome the politics , and to tell the story , the news is going to disappear . It will change .
communication , culture , global issues , politics , social change , society , technology
<unk>
Clay Shirky : The social media change history
And I talk about the media of change , and today people can use medium to share with any place anywhere in the world .
I 'm trying to explain stories about this story .
First , November 1958 , the president of the U.S. election .
You might read some of the news .
There 's a problem in the U.S.
There is a plan in the plan .
And this idea is , every citizen through a photograph and a camera is a mobile phone to record their elections , and to repair any of the <unk> of competition , to get to the center of a television network .
This is a citizen of citizen observation , and the citizens are not just the only one in the citizen , but it 's helping to make sure that the election is the holy .
And it made sure that we had to get to the form of elections .
It 's not just technology . It 's social .
And these tools are just more interesting to use , and it 's not very interesting .
It 's not a new technology to do it , and they use their use of society .
It 's all that everyone starts realizing that this is true .
Because the media is very social , and innovation is going to be in any place where people think we are in the middle .
So we start looking at innovation as well as anywhere else , from one place to another .
It 's a huge shift .
Do n't take a list more , and we 're in the history of history in history , in our history .
Now , this is a big question . I want to look at it .
In the last 500 years , there is a huge change in the revolution , and the dynamics of symbolic products .
The first is the famous one , and the publishing medium , but with the promotion , the innovation of innovation is going to lead to 15 century and then start to shift in the back of Europe .
And then over a hundred years , there are two communication media , and the medium medium , the first one , the first one , is the phone .
slow down , text input , and give it back to speech .
And then about 150 years ago , besides printing media , there is a change in the press , and the first one is , you know , the sound , then the movie , all the way , has all changed the senses .
Finally , about 100 years ago , the ability to start through the air , and the TV shows , the TV , the TV , the TV .
And this is the 20th century , the media of the 20th century .
That 's the old people we 've been growing in .
But it 's a strange relationship to this .
The media is talking to the conversation , but there 's no group of links .
And if you 're in a group of groups , then she does n't talk about the conversation .
If you want to have a stand in the world , you and another one .
If you want to put the tissue up , you get the same information and you send everybody to the tooling , or you 're doing it with a file or a print publisher .
It 's all about 20th century , right ?
It 's changed .
And this looks like a windshield 's license is an example of Bill Frost .
He 's tracking personalized networks , and then he uses color to code them .
The Web is the first medium in nature , and the dialogue has a conversation .
The telephone just gives us the form of TV . television , radio , magazine , book , give us a lot of media form . The Web gives lots of different media forms .
The first consumer is a good support for nature .
This is one of the biggest changes .
The second shift is that all the media starts to turn the network into all media , which means the phone moves up to the Web , and the movie goes up .
It means every medium of media and every leader communication .
In other words , medium is getting more than a few news , and he 's more growth , because the organization sees , you know , hear , it 's seen , to hear a little bit about each other .
The third shift is the members of the audience , like Dan Dennett , which is called " teamwork " rather than a consumer .
Every time a new consumer is added to this media , and the same equipment , because the phone , the computer , makes you consume and production .
It 's like , as you buy books , they print up free print , and when you take a button , you get a radio cell .
We have a huge change in our media .
It 's not just a celebrity or a solution .
We 've got the public community to have about 20 years now , and he changes the value of the media .
He also changes the form although some organizations know how to do it .
Number one .
Last October , China was underway at the University of China , the enfant horrible destruction of the Rift Valley .
At the end of the earthquake , it 's been published .
People use information to make information . People take a picture .
Here 's the building video .
It was the largest operator in China .
They had this information .
When the hurricane happened , the news was news .
Because the man , the Chinese students go to Michigan , and other countries , all the rest of the world , people learn this news .
The BBC came from the first news to get China to San Francisco .
What 's going on at the polling stations are more early than the U.S. Air Force online .
In China , the commercial government spends 30,000 months of time to tell the earthquake .
Now they might like to do this , not to see the images of the clam .
But they did n't have it because they were in charge of their citizens .
Even government comes from their own citizens , and it 's not just from celebrity .
This is a kind of Ann Landers .
And a long time ago was about 10 times a page of links , global text , about nine links .
People were getting into the information , give people the news of the U.S.
It 's like a cat 's license , but that 's what it 's about for you .
10 million of them .
And in the middle of the day , it 's driving the net , and it 's driving around the world , from the world .
This is really incredible , the global response .
And China , the media Rover , is a decided to decide that it 's going to make it happen .
And this happened .
In rodents , where people began to point out , a lot of the reasons why the earthquake was happening , because it was in the school time , and the reason was that there was a little bit of time in school .
And then the citizens started writing at the beginning . There was a staggering picture .
You could see it in the New York Times .
A local army loses the front of the street , and it 's good to get them left .
Basically , " We 're going to keep everything else , please stop the reconciliation . "
But people were overwhelmed because they had lost the next generation of children .
Some people see the death of the child 's death now .
So the chaos continues .
Eventually in China , the Chinese system .
The groups have a lot of them .
So they were arrested .
They start cutting up the media .
China is probably the most successful network of editors in the world , using something that 's been called a solvable China .
China is made of the World Trade Organization to make sure that experts make the media , the main monitor , to the outside world , and relatively close medium .
And through this four traits that can filter it , then this media is going to enter into China .
It 's kind of like the Grand Canyon , which is the Chinese liner , because it 's all right now .
Because the World Health Organization , the media .
The media is very quickly , and it creates incredible content . Governments do n't have to fill the media .
So now we spent 20 years , and it 's really successful to filter the page , but you 're trying to decide whether or to shut the servers , because the public medium is so big to tackle .
The truth happened .
In the 20 anniversary of the 25th anniversary , they announced two weeks ago , and they were able to shut it off . No .
They 're going to shut the whole path .
Now , these changes are not just the only people in the browser .
And he also affects the people of the information , and it 's really like an ecosystem that 's just going to be a little bit of a work .
In the 20th century , the traditional media problem is how to distribute a message to a member of a network .
That 's the 20th century .
Information information flows into the same information .
This is the country information . It 's a few different individuals .
It 's almost 50/50 .
It 's very expensive to do it , so there 's no competition .
So that 's how you can use it .
It 's all the past .
We have a very fast medium of global innovation . Social , social , cheap .
Now most organisms started recording the information in the world , and the public attention , right now , depends on this change .
Narrator : The public could recover .
It 's a little bit freaky . But you 've got to be used to that , as people do .
We live , but it 's not a crazy change .
It 's a crazy change . In fact , they 're not going to be the same time . The consumer starts to develop the manure , and the community can be directly connected to another public medium , because the size of the network is actually a kind of monolithic medium . It is a network , it 's very , very large .
In the last decade , most of the media medium is a professional form .
It 's a long time .
Now it 's in the ' 60s , the free content . My final story .
In Barack Obama , I saw some very visual media uses .
I mean , I 'm not talking about political imagination , but the most creative imagination of imagination .
One of the most famous , compared to Obama , who was famous at Barack Obama -- they built a lot of millions of citizens , and tried to figure out how to help Obama .
The staggering conversation started coming out .
And then the last year , Barack Obama shows him a change in the playground , and the foreign government drives .
In a June basis , he said that it would n't be the case of an American system .
In summer , during the big sector , he said , " I want a lot . I 'm going to change my view .
I 'm going to be a little bit right .
A lot of the participants in his site were driven by this guy .
They had a copy of the name Obama , and they changed the president .
Let 's take a look at the debt of the foreign sector .
As a matter of a couple of days , it was the fastest - growing organization that was fastest , and one of weeks is the biggest one .
Barack Obama came up with a news record .
He had to open up .
He said , " I 've been thinking about this problem .
And I understand where you 're coming from .
But the whole thing is , I 'm going to stop selling .
But I 'd like you to tell you , I do n't know if you 're not hardened . I ca n't compromise it .
It does n't give anybody anybody . But something interesting happens in this room .
The people who recognize Barack Obama did n't shut the tissue off .
There 's no person in Obama who 's been trying to hide the organization and make it harder , and it 's not that difficult to add it , dengue the website .
They knew their role was to send them to their elders , but not control their <unk> .
This is a system of medium - generated systems .
Media , we know that the media is a little bit familiar , and the simple idea is that it 's a lot of fun to tell people about the mass of the mass .
In this world , media is the globalization of globalization , social , and in the world of cheap , medium - and - a - half years , the media has been very dedicated to the medium , in this world , the media is an example of a message that is going to be shared .
It 's more likely to create a way of creating and support tissue .
We face choice , regardless of whether the media environment is good for us , and I think anyone in the world thinks it 's possible to understand the information media .
And that 's what we need to do with the media environment .
Now we all have a problem , " How do we use this media ?
And although he does n't mean we have to change the way we do it . "
Thank you so much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/evan_williams_on_listening_to_twitter_users.html
When the first commercial event happened , Leo was the only doctor on the outside , and at TEDMED , he shares the incredible struggle of liberation in extreme conditions and applying it to the brain .
adventure , biology , exploration , humanity , medicine , science
<unk>
Norway Huang : The medical miracle of medicine
In this conference , we 've heard a lot about the power of human life .
And what I 'd like to do today is to give you an example of how it is , it shows how people live in the environment , and how the power is inspired by the desire for the desire .
This is a consequence in the Bay Area . It 's the most successful disaster in history .
When catastrophe happened , I was the only doctor .
So I 'm going to enlist you through this catastrophe , and it 's a situation where people get to the end of their life , which is what happens when people count themselves .
And this is what it looks like .
1.1 feet .
And I went there with six million dollars a year , and the fourth one is the combination of the National Pavilion to build a pathway in the U.S.
When I was my fourth grade , a comet was a sea tank .
Slim - bodied , people told us that this is a rectangle , and we think we should play their opinions .
It 's an extreme environment .
A third of oxygen is just the third third .
It 's going to be about 40 degrees above the surface .
The wind is sometimes about 20 to 40 miles a hour .
This is actually what 's called the top factor of the summer Mars .
And I remember a place where I got far away from the corner , and I walked into my legs and wanted to put my pots out of my boat , where my wound was in my shop , but I found out the water that was already filled with water in the freezer .
And you can imagine that the environment is a little less hostile .
And that 's what the Tibetan Plateau is .
Start from the Houston bed .
This is about 2,000 feet per second .
It 's about 2,000 feet a second , and it 's called " Paris . "
This is the World Trade Center in San Francisco , and it 's the world 's fourth high - speed stock , but they 're still going to be more or less .
It 's the most difficult one . It is only 3,000 feet .
And this is what it looks like .
The building is in the high - speed fisheries .
And this is what you 're looking for in the middle of your life to climb the mountain , and then you have to get to the point .
And that 's what I 've been thinking about , and I took four pieces of healthcare to carry the medical kit , all the way up to a tent , which I was trying to put on the board .
And this is our mantra .
It 's a nation - state currency , but it 's also inversely suites .
There were other three Rovers in the mountains , and one of the stars , in a bathroom , is a camera camera .
And in the two months , we 're building a bike - up bike .
This is the view of the Great Rouge . It 's the first 2,000 foot from the U.S. Ocean .
This is a picture inside the street . It 's actually a waterfall , but it 's very slow , and it has changes every day .
When you look at it , it feels like a mouse 's mouse , and even not looking at the top .
That 's where the distance goes down .
It 's coming back to the end of the night , and the ice is able to climb the past .
To avoid the ice is separated by your feet .
This is a little bit of snow climbing in the snow .
This is me across a cup .
We climb a vertical road into a safe cable .
Here 's another one .
Some of you have a little bit of it , and it 's even deeper . ♫ ♫ Sobule : Well , what we select in the night is because if we 're able to climb the bottom end of the wall , we lose it and we do n't get rid of that .
This is the first camp .
This is the first time in climbing a blade , and it 's one of the first bands .
From there , we went down to the two 13 camps , and it looked like it was right .
And these Rovers are moving up to the third 13 camps .
They 're going to be chaos .
If you 're blown down , there 's no protection of the cable cable , and it 's about 5,000 feet off .
This is a picture of the Viking camp .
You can see the side side of the lake , 45 degrees of grass , takes two days to fill it up , so you have to be in the Houston store .
And if you look at it carefully , it 's black and white .
It does n't have ice vessels .
And this is because it 's so poor that it is so unpredictable , and it takes over the top of the surface , so that no one 's left .
In the back of the night , the thing looks like a wall of grass , and actually it 's actually the wind .
This is an aerial refugee camp , and passes through the sail .
This is the refugee camp .
And once you go down to the polling camp , you just have about 24 hours to decide whether you 're going to go .
Because everyone needs oxygen heat . And oxygen is limited to the limit , so you have to make a very quick decision , or it 's going to be the same way , or you get it .
This is a picture of Jupiter .
He was a crystallographer .
And this is what he used to call his wife , and I 'll wait for you to talk about you .
It 's a little bit of an oxymoron .
They 're picking up the refugee camp , and you can see , you know , Houston <unk> .
And the weather is not going to be the same , so these are just the <unk> , and the way it 's going to be going down .
In fact , the fact is that it 's actually the third night .
It 's very and very crowded . It does n't have a wind wind .
It looks like a great piece of liberation .
And here are some of the first steps that are beginning to move to San Francisco , and what they climb is called HyperCard Hill .
This is just the first step .
This is what 's done at night because the groom 's going to have a lot more than that , so in night , you can get the permanent daylight .
That 's what happened .
They went into the Houston store .
This is what 's called the Personal Genome Survey .
It 's going to be a prestige stair .
From here , the distance is about 1,500 ft , 30 degrees Fahrenheit .
But what 's happened was the wind was suddenly overwhelmed .
It 's not the cause of destruction .
You 'll see some of these frozen boats here .
And they 're in the middle of the lake .
This is a picture I photographed for a year ago , and you can see my oxygen shield and axles .
I have a oxygen tank here .
And you can see that two of these types of oxygen in this room , small pieces of titanium , is very smooth , and we do n't have a lot of other stuff .
And that 's what you need to do . In Houston Springs , all of your vulnerability is maintained .
This is a picture taken out of the Houston store .
This is the way to go to the back of the bed , and the link between the village .
All the tiles have no ventilation cables , because the rest of the side is very crowded , if you 're connected to a cable loop , once you do it with the other hand , it 's going to be everybody else .
So each of these people was climbing up .
And the bridge is not a straight line , and it 's very difficult climbing , always the risks of the two sides .
If you want to go to the left , you 're going to get 8,000 feet to Nepal , and if you take off the right and you get the headrest up to Tibet .
So in Tibet , in Texas , you can stay a long time .
But anyway , you all chatter with death .
And these Rovers are going to go down to the peak , and you see the bow of the hairs , but I 'm in the middle of this zone that I 'm on the bottom of the bottom .
And I was in Buenos Aires at Panzi camp , and they were in the Houston camp .
And it was so successful that we had to stand out of the tent , and the sacred teeth were lying on a tent .
And that 's the worst sin I 've ever seen .
And those are the ones that are going on in the middle , and the place where we 're at least 2,000 feet , it 's completely unstable .
We connect with some of the people in radio and them .
This is a picture of a Viking Lander .
We get out of the radio , and we said to Robert Hill , which is where we 're going on the shelf side , chiseled in the mud , Doug with him .
We hear yoga also , but Doug Engelbart , you ca n't do it .
He 's been lost . It 's got to stay in his pocket .
We 've heard a little bit about the bad news of rodents , and the other one is going down to the snow .
There 's another 18 stars that we do n't know .
They lost it . The mountain was a little bit of a piece of information , and it was all a lot of information .
We really did n't know anything about it .
We 're just sitting on the beds of the bed camp .
And most of the most significant ones we 're going to try and decide to go and try to figure out how to do it , even though it 's a war - to - a - death war .
They tried to send a radio message to Bukavu , and Rob Warren is a brilliant playground , but it was a little more than a sterile piece of wood .
And I thought they would say , " Stay up . We 'll come back . "
But in fact , they said , " Philippe Cameron , you 're looking at it .
Now there 's no chance of saving his chance , the most important thing is saving you . "
Rob Buy information , but he said , " Our two people are checking this information . "
And the end of the winning and Lockheed 's eventually ended up with a chaos .
But they 're also not going to be able to be stable as well .
And I went from the Himalayas to the radio camp to give a decision to decide that they had the ability to look at the skills that were capable of being manipulated .
And the people who do n't want to get their hands up , we decided to put them on the shelf camp .
So the fishermen are moving around the vertical line .
This is where I was at Panzi camp , and I photographed pictures .
And they all came to me , so I looked at what I was looking at , and I could do it , but I did n't have a lot of , because it was a little hole at 45 degrees .
It 's hard to walk outside the tent .
Because it 's a bit of an oxymoron , and they 're also speeding up the vertical floor .
In the middle of that hill , the only medical device that I found out was two plastic bottles of plastic and the Netherlands .
So these days came to me , and I was looking at whether they were right to go to the tooling .
And for those who have no constraints , do n't follow the headrest , I 'll give you a couple of applause , to help them get a little bit depressed , and so they can go to the pedal .
And so at the end of the day , sometimes it 's a very difficult thing to do , and I even have to put it into their clothes .
It 's hard to work with any other way .
When I take care of these patients , we get a lot about Jupiter .
At the time , we 're not going to get back to the height of his height .
And he called it up and told us he 's right now .
Clearly , Tolstoy is a little more likely to get a bit closer .
It 's been a tremendous amount of money , and it 's not going to be locked up . ♫ Sweeney : Now , the wind is still so successful , he is so high and he 's totally embarrassed .
In that case , he asked his wife .
He was carrying a radio .
Her wife , her wife 's home in New Zealand , playing their first children 's first baby . Rob Berry and her partner . We 've done his request , and then Jupiter and his wife .
They had names for their children .
And then Rob came up , and then the last time we heard him .
What I was faced with was a medical task that was impossible to do the impossible task -- over 170 feet , a group of patients .
So what we did was that we took these patients to the 3,000 feet , and it was more handy to me .
This is my medical box .
It 's a klutz with a medical care box .
So that 's what I 'd like to do .
I have a little bit more birdsong in San Francisco , and I 've called it all the way back to the Himalayas .
And that was the scene in Hong Kong .
They go out and walk .
And they 've got a lot of people out there , and some of you have a little bit of time , there 's a couple of them .
We try to get them to the body , give them the oxygen , help them breathe , and it 's not a easy thing to do , in the high - speed tent .
This is a huge hit on the feet , and the nose of nose .
This is an aerial mosquito .
As I did n't know , what happened was incredible when I was sleeping .
And the fishermen did n't know where it came out , and we were told that he had been told him , but he was now like a rug in a tent .
And I thought he 'd come down , but actually he walked into the tent , said , " Hey , Moses . What should I sit ? "
And he said , " Do you accept my healthcare ? "
That 's what he did .
Though he was very depressed , it was an awful lot of liberation .
And you can see , his hand has been picked up , and his face and nose was crushed .
And it turns out that when you get supersonic , it 's a dark step , and it throws off .
And this is the final step , like a kind of vegetarian .
And when I take care of it , he took me through everything that was happening in San Francisco .
He said he lost a drop in the sanitarium , fell out of snow , and he was lying out there .
And some of them came out of him , and he said , " He said that they were dead . "
But they did n't die , and he could listen to the conversation , but he was completely unable to move .
And he 's in a state - based state -- you can feel the environment , and you ca n't tell people to tell others that it 's alive .
So the Euro goes down to him and he 's lying down there , and day day , day night , there is a day .
But he said , " I do n't want to die .
My family was waiting for me . "
He was talking to his family , his wife and his wives to give him an appointment powerful , inspired his motivation , and he went down .
In the snow , after a long time , he 's standing down , and he found out the road .
It 's a story to tell me about this story , but I 'm totally moved .
I ca n't imagine any long time that anybody could win the swim , but they still stand up .
In fact , he expands with a low - speed amount of light .
And I 'm only guessing how he does it .
If we put it on a computer scanner , we 'll see what the brain looks like , and what do we see ?
And this is the three parts of the brain : the frontal lobe -- to focus on the process of focus -- the temporal lobes -- and to build the images and recline , and in the back of your brain , it 's controlling the cerebellum , which is controlling with the fabric of a sudden , breathing .
So let 's get here . This is the game of the brain , imagine it 's going to be even more reflective .
It 's measured the dynamic and the power of the brain .
Here , a lot of activity shows up the red side .
This is a distribution of magnitude more than average .
And the middle of the brain is that the temporal lobes may be here , and it 's the fundamental ingredient , the basic mechanism in the back .
This is a normal brain worm , a very remote medium .
And if you look at this chip , the frontal lobes is a pretty good job .
And this is probably what happens when the dictionary is realized , and what 's happening in the field .
He got all his attention to his focus , and he tried to do it .
The brain activity is removed .
In this case , he did n't think he was thinking of his family or others , but it was a lot of defense .
He was able to re - activate his muscles , and he was turning it off .
But he started sweating .
He does n't have enough power .
The weather is very cold , and he ca n't keep him out . You see , it 's not just red . His brain begins .
He 's nearly floating in the snow . It 's cluttered . The red part disappears .
The energy energy is a little bit harder .
He 's waiting for death .
But when we go to the next brain , we 'll see the middle part of the brain and then get excited .
He remembered his family .
There 's a variety of images where the family 's family drives up .
And just by thinking , he brought energy in this area .
This is how he brought ideas into action .
Part of the brain is called outside .
A lot of the brain experts believe that this area is going to be the case of human will .
This is where people make decisions and nurturing it .
And as you can see , the energy is coming from the middle of the family of his family , and the brain is going to be the equivalent of the area where the areas are going to go .
And that energy became more powerful until it became a catalyst of empowerment .
And after day day , the night , he put it in the middle of the day and he urges enough power to inspire him to stand up .
And as you can see , his frontal lobe begins more energy .
He starts focusing on . He 's got bored .
He 's considering how to save himself .
So that energy has been moved into the front of his brain , and it turns out that it 's actually heavier , but he 's using this energy to think about a way to adjust the way that he can adjust .
And then it turns out that energy is going to spread into his mind .
He does n't have his family right now , but it 's thinking about how to inspire him .
This is the brain behind , helping him adjust his muscles , and he starts to adjust the self - adjust .
He starts with his heart and his lungs .
And if we could connect the Rover to the computer , I guess that was what was happening in his amazing dictionary .
This is a place where I take care of the bed foot , and what 's happening to me is that everything that I feel like I do , what I think is so tiny .
This shows you the power of human power .
It 's very severe . There are lots of other people who are very , very lucky .
A remote tide came out of the Rift Valley , and the highest bar in the human history .
It landed on the ground , put it in the air and all the rest of it , and we 've been able to put them into a clinic where we had to send them to an clinic .
And this is a scene in front of the Guardian , and we 've got a couple of shelves from the top .
And a few days later , we had a ceremony there .
This is some hairs burning the branches of wood .
Because they believe that the smoking smoke is the sanctity .
And they 're standing on the top of the paddock , and those who scored neighbors , they go to the bathroom , to groom them .
And there are a couple of spots in it .
This is Scott Kennedy , Rob Frost , and Doug Engelbart , who throws the crosses .
There 's another one that should be used in front of this day , but it 's not , he 's <unk> <unk> .
And the reason he died is because he could call it a great power of powers that he would save himself .
These are the crosses .
They believe that if you put it in these 13 islands , your message is going to be carried out , and that year , it 's a year of the year .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/joshua_walters_on_being_just_crazy_enough.html
Christopher Steve Jurvetson , an international CEO , which is a professor of business , and the founder of the speech , in this presentation , he lays out the four ideas of India .
business , development , economics , global issues , politics , potential , technology , third world
<unk>
Kevin Breazeal : The future of India
So I 'm going to show you a little bit about India and India .
And I think this is a very interesting point , because in every society , it 's kind of open - up democracy , and the reality is changing .
And the idea turns into ideology , and it turns out , and the power is , and ultimately ultimately .
In the United States , the U.S. era took a different perspective of thinking about social security issues , which led to the rest of the world 's security issue .
In the 1980s , the president of the 20th century exploded government defense for government .
Now , global economic crisis has developed a new set of rules to explore how the state is supposed to be .
So , the notion changes the country .
Let 's see if India has a huge impact on India .
The first one is , in my opinion , I 'm called " What 's going on . "
And the effect of these ideas creates today .
The second idea , I call them " ambigram . "
These ideas have been accepted by people , but they 're not necessarily valid .
And the third idea , I call them the idea of philanthropy , which is what we 're arguing about in the context of thinking about what 's supposed to work on .
The fourth idea , as I think , is that the most important idea is to think about what we 're thinking about .
Because , as a developing world , we look at the world where the other countries are facing the problem , and you can adjust the way it 's going to work and adjust the way to avoid this problem .
For India , I think six concepts make this today today .
The first one is the idea of " Man . "
It 's a pressure - based response to us .
It 's a burden .
Now , the people ' people are a capital .
" People " for us .
And I believe that this is the way that people have access to the power of the human mind , to say that the most fundamental change in India is about India .
The transformation of this idea is in the real world , which is the population of India 's population .
Five percent of the childcare mortality rate is decreasing . It 's all about this stage .
In India , there are a lot of people who have high - income young people in India have over the last 30 years .
The unique part of this population is that India is going to be the only one in the world that has a population of population trauma .
It means that India is going to be the only chance of terror in the global world .
And this is a very important thing , and the other thing that we have to do with India is that there are two people in India .
One time in southern India and North America is going to continue dengue fever , because it 's in the southern corners of the area .
Another one in northern India is going to be the dominant authority of the future .
But these demographics are kind of like a private investment .
It 's only when people receive a good education , and the infrastructure is increased when they work in their offices , but they 're only going to be able to do it at the end of the night and they can benefit from the population .
In other words , if we do n't have the same population burden , there might be a population of population population , and it may be the population of population population .
So , India is now in the key time , if it 's not to promote the population of a population , they 're going to go out of the road .
Second India has changed the definition of entrepreneurship .
In India , every human independence , entrepreneurship was seen as a group of options .
But now , the 60 years later , when the dawn of a nuclear entrepreneurship has become the model of the reality of society , what is the problem for society ?
And that changes the destruction of the whole economy .
I think the third idea of changing India is to change the change in English .
Before English was thought to be a language of a language .
In the context of globalization , the rest of the world has increased English language to help people .
It turns out that you 're infectious learning to learn .
English is also becoming a huge amount of money .
There 's technology .
40 years ago , the computers were very awe - threatened , and people were so threatened to lose .
Today , we 've been selling laptops today , 90 cells are 90 cell phones because people do n't have modems .
For 40 years of cell phones , we have fewer than 20 cents fewer than 20 .
technology has been built in a massive scale , and it 's being used to the interface .
So one thing that starts being used as human threat , is that the technology of the human race has been lost .
In 20 years ago , we had a report about banking articles , and people did n't have this report called " computer , " and they call computer - called bumblebees .
They do n't want the wheel to think that it 's computer .
And then they wanted to use more and more powerful computers , and they were able to pay their high - performance products .
And then we went through a lot of phone tools and really change the way that people look at technology .
In the other hand , the Indian people have never adapted to the global development of globalization .
It 's about 200 years of human life , and the people who live in the business company and deregulation , they 're looking at the normal response to the globalization of globalization .
And so many Indian companies go out and get out of India all over the world , and they 're very self - esteem and realizing they can engage in the process of globalization .
We have an advantage in population because we are the only young countries that are in the world , and the last young world that 's going to be a lot of attraction to India .
And the last one , the final India , is going through the way of democracy .
When the 60 years ago democracy was a little minority , it was just a small minority .
A small part of whom wanted to put democracy into India , because they want to take a different point of view , like Starbucks , Taiwan , constitution , arena , DARPA .
But it turns out that democracy has become the basis of all the people who realize that there are benefits and open society .
And this is how democracy works .
And I think it 's about six concepts of India , Indian language language , which is a kind of technological technology that people have , and the world is going to start making positive feedback and democracy -- all the way up to India -- this is what it looks like today .
PH : Let 's take a look at what 's going on .
They have no problem in society , but it ca n't be done .
Four concepts .
One is education .
And because some of the reasons , however , what 's happening is that we lack of money , because religion has a great culture of culture , and it does n't get a lot of value .
But I think it 's a very important moment .
We 're very well - aware of the government of government , and the kids can only go to private school .
Even more urban cities are more than half the cities in India .
And so the normal challenge was a challenge .
And even though everyone is very hopeful about poor people , they do n't want their children .
So I think the idea of oneness is raging , but it has n't been done yet .
In contrast , the infrastructure was so long , it was the construction industry .
People have experienced it in India .
This is completely different from China .
But it turns out that the infrastructure is going to be the same .
It 's in the midst of chaos .
Twenty - 20 years ago , the political slogan was called " Happiness , " " meaning " food , clothing and shelter . "
Now the political slogan is " Frost , " " meaning " like " power " means " electricity , water and road .
And this is the paradigm of the ideas , and it 's certainly the cause of choice .
So I believe that the idea has just been a little bit like this .
Here 's the city of cities .
It 's because Coke is value in the city of the urban sector , and the U.K. is from cities , so it 's not a typical Indian city .
In fact , we ignore the urban landscape .
You can see from real life .
But it turns out that economic reform and economic growth took economic ecosystem to improve innovative cities and promote innovative ideas that eventually eventually receive people accept .
I think you can see the trend of the city .
And it 's also the same thing that 's been adopted , but it 's not the case .
And the last concept is a single market , because when you do n't take India as a marketplace , you 're not care about whether it 's one of the poorest because it does n't matter .
And that 's what you 're faced with , every state of state .
They 're farmers in agriculture .
Now what 's happening now is the infrastructure infrastructure , and it 's going to move India to India as a single marketplace .
So in the state of state , there is a kind of global trend that is important to the globalization of globalization .
These four factors , the construction industry , and the single market , which is the case of India , is that the idea is that India has no idea .
Here is the concept of discussion .
PH : The notion of arguments .
The arguments of arguments were very often .
And guess what ? First , I think it 's our philosophy .
And because of the Indians in India , it turns out to be a lot of political work , and it 's not a political job to make sure that it 's a lot .
And it took a lot of time and other approaches and everything .
And it also works with us as well as the other side of our people .
A lot of questions about India is about ideologies and other things .
It 's going to happen .
This is one of the things that you need to solve .
And the second is that our workers are very hard , and the entrepreneurs are hard to create accounting in companies , so the Indians in India are in non - organizing situations .
They do n't have a promotion , no welfare , without health care .
It has to change because if you could n't give the people the business of incentives , it would eventually end up with multiple people .
So we need to build a new kind of new initiative out of what 's going on today .
And it also shows the policy of policy and more people to go into the deepest industry and create a job of millions of jobs .
And this is what we 're doing .
In India , India was completely respected .
It 's hard to build college .
The college college was difficult to go to India .
The result is that we ca n't afford to pay for India .
And a lot of the problem is that we 're looking at it .
But I believe the most important thing is that we need to look at ideas .
India is able to conquer what 's happening in the West , and it makes it work .
First of all , we 're very fortunate technology to think about technology more than other countries .
So we can use technology to look at technology .
We can use technology directly to benefit directly .
We can use technology to grow anti - industrial and his benefits .
The second thing is health care .
In India , people have a very serious health problem , such as heart disease , Alzheimer 's disease .
So we do n't have a very simple chance of treating disease diseases a little bit of time .
So we need to rethink the way we see healthcare .
We need to have a strategy that we do n't get into another .
In the same way , we 're spending more than spending health care spending at the top of the West , and the cost of medical health costs .
So for a young country , there is a chance to build a modern form of modern property systems that do n't have a problem .
And the other thing that India does n't really have to tell is that the environment and development is the SR71 .
Narrator : The world is going to be an extraordinary notion of stability every year .
For nine million people , we have CO2 emissions per year .
India has reached a hundred years .
But if India is about 98 percent , it 's a 16 times faster than the 16 percent .
So we said that the income is growing 16 times faster than CO2 .
So we can radically change the attitudes of environmental attitudes to energy and we create new models of the country .
Why is this important for you ?
Why is it important to do something that 's important for you ?
First , it 's important because it represents 100,000 people .
About 100,000 people are in the world .
It 's important because it is democracy .
It turns out that growth and democracy are very important , and we can have a society that can be open to open - source society , we have growth .
The importance of it is that if they solve the world 's poverty problem , the poverty is going to be <unk> .
The importance of it is that it 's also the key to the world of problems .
If we really want to take advantage of what we 're doing , we need to really reduce the amount of energy in order to get the power to solve this problem .
If we 're looking at the development of the West , it 's about two percent .
What we 're talking about is capping eight to eight percent of GDP .
There 's a lot of difference .
And when India is growing up at the speed of 40 million dollars , the income income is reducing every 45 years .
When the economy goes down to eight and a half million people , it 's going to reduce every nine to nine years .
We really do have a whole billion people on the process for happiness to get happiness .
We have to have a clear strategy for India , which is for the world of India .
Because I think you should all be focused on this problem like me .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sergey_brin_and_larry_page_on_google.html
Christopher Negroponte said , in the last 50 years , the great revolution has shaped the politics of the political culture , and he opens up all the time -- from the ' 60s ' revolution , which is , by the way , how are we going to get a democracy in this century -- and it 's the right thing to do -- how does he get the wrong one to lose a human being , but the question is that it is wrong .
culture , global issues , politics
<unk>
Beau Lotto : Do n't trust , democracy can continue ?
And the predecessor said , " Well , you know , I 'm just one of the most reluctant to ever see a TED speaker .
First , I do n't have cell phones , so I 'm safe .
Second , as a political spray , I 'm going to talk to you about the crisis of democracy , which is very boring .
Also , I 'm not going to give you any answers .
I 'd like to leave more questions .
And what I wanted to tackle is a very popular point of view , which is -- -- it 's -- open - source design for democracy .
And I have a little obstacle .
You 're all optimistic about TED .
Basically , you all believe that complexity is not the case .
Believe you all know I 'm the celebrities .
And polls show that we 're all the most pessimistic world .
The economics of economics recently recently announced a article about the recent study of happiness , which is " Happiness , " and " happiness , " and the <unk> "
And believe you know what happens next , let 's start with a story .
This is a little bit of a country that 's a small country , and the sky is going to be a Rover , and it can be your country .
Due to the afternoon , the 4 dots stopped , so four steps do n't have to go to the wind .
They went out and ran into the polls .
When the statistics came out , the three - quarters of the citizens came up with the blank slate .
The government and the government does n't work .
You know , you know how to react to the liberators .
You know who 's going to arrest who 's going to be killed .
But now , on the vertical axis , people do n't know what to do .
So governments decided to adjust the elections .
But it turns out to be a little bit easier to get into the political community .
Essentially , they go out and they said they feel it 's not for choice .
This is a piece of a beautiful novel , and it 's called " I. " I see what I saw . "
But this story is a good story to capture the problem of democracy today .
There is no way of knowing that democracy is the best form of government .
Democracy is the only way .
The problem is that many people believe that democracy is not just the only way to look at it .
In the last 30 years , political pioneers are looking at what 's going on at the top , and the people who do n't really interest the biggest people in the elections .
That 's the poor people who do n't work with work .
That 's the problem .
Because in particular , as economic progress , you can see that people have been hijacked by politics and the trust of democracy .
Narrator : In the latest survey , European Europe , the citizen of the European government , thinks there 's a huge gap between policy and public .
It 's only about 12,000 beds , and 15 percent of the Greeks .
People are starting to think , and they can take government care , but to help policy .
And what I 'd like to ask is why , in a great society , is a society that we have free society to make us power , let 's take our freedom of society and give us more information , and we put it in love , we 've lost this society .
So , what I really wanted to ask is : What is our democracy in this 50 years ?
Let 's look at the right aspects .
In my opinion , the first thing that I 'm going to do is that the revolution is going to change the way our lives have to change our lives , more and more of our understanding of democracy .
The first revolution was in 1968 , and the culture of civilization and social revolution brought a lot of the political center into politics .
It was a human race .
This revolution is a huge breakthrough , and a culture of culture is not a cultural culture , a culture that we never heard before .
And I think that they were born like a typical year ago , and we did n't have a lot of time .
But then after that , you 've experienced the whole market journey in the 1980s .
And even though a lot of these people hate it -- it 's actually the truth of the revolution : " The government does n't know much about it . "
You have a society that is more chosen .
Then , November , the communist and the Cold War went out .
This is the globalization of globalization .
And you have the Internet .
And I 'm not trying to tell you how much it is to give us power .
But the Internet changes the way we communicate , and we also have people in politics .
The ideas of politics are completely changing .
And I have to mention a revolution in the world of science , and it captures our understanding of human behavior .
These are the things that have happened in the workforce , and the Internet has developed .
And what 's wrong about this is that we 're going to end up with five and a half times .
Because you have the culture of 1960 and the social revolution , and it ruins humanity in a particular way .
And the idea is that all of the themes that we 've learned about collective people , the family , families , all disappear .
We started to love payment , and of course , if we were willing to marry .
All of these are attacked .
So when people just simply believe that the real truth is , we want to encourage them to engage in politics .
And then you have a market shift in the ' 80s , and it causes social growth .
By the end of the year , the combined elections were always converging to fall in the 1970s .
The rest of the day , the more social social society .
Now it 's all right now .
Now , the recursion of democracy is always getting more dynamic .
Now , every time I talk about what we 're talking about , what 's wrong with our democracy is that it 's wrong .
And in 2000 , some things you normally think of as the right thing to do is , in fact , a lot of people tell you , " It 's the end of the Cold War .
And when you have a lot of money , the rich and the groom is the people who need to be , because they 're trying to get the regime .
Now , the top people completely wiped out .
They can transport them , you ca n't be normal .
They have a lot of money .
And the upshot of that is that you find a strange thing out of the wheel .
This is not a coincidence that 's not going to be a vote .
To the Internet , it 's connected to the world , but we also know that the Web is created , created the political community , and you 're going to have to stand up with your own party .
And you see , you know , understand and different people are harder to do .
And I know that many of you like to talk about the world of narrative and collaboration , but if you look at the impact of the World Trade Organization ?
And this is part of the Internet revolution .
That 's what 's called a coin coin . "
And then you look at the brain and the political blogosphere , and what they learn from scientists is that they do n't want to talk to me about ideas not to talk about policy .
For them , what really matters to them is what they really do .
You can feel very strong about what we 're looking at today , even if you look at the revolution , it 's not based on some ideology or ideas .
There was a revolution in the revolution .
They could be monsters , and they can be self - mimicry , or Islam .
Generally , they were called the medium medium .
You see Facebook countries , Twitter revolution .
The content is not very important , and the problem is .
And I 'd like to say that one of my main ideas is to be wrong .
When we try to find what we can see , when we 're trying to figure out how we could do something , we have to get some of the stuff that we can do with a democracy .
Because it might be the most important thing that we 're most passionate about .
Now it 's a fashionable argument that you like to measure , so that the benefits of good civic citizens , new technologies , and more design , is connected to the design of politics .
You believe that when you have new technology and desire to use new technologies , you can do it better for government to avoid government , and who is going to be more difficult to get to the government .
Maybe you 're right .
But I think , you know , we should be able to get to the center of the political revolution , and the politics always hated .
So transparency does n't obey trust .
Kismet is just a model of politics , no trust .
We 're just not just pretending we 're assuming our society will be designed by trust .
By the way , " no trust " for democracy .
And this is why we have an illegal system .
Why do we have this kind of trust , " not trust . "
But when politics is just a way of managing the process of management , there is -- I 'm happy to use this -- " Give " to the " Battle " -- we 'll be able to go back to " Use to make it . "
It would n't be a entertainment show " entertainment , " and we 're going to be looking at that moment to look at the other side of the others .
Is this free society ?
For example , if you want to imagine that when the great civic citizens have to participate , if they really think politics is really not trust .
You 're not really afraid of what 's fear of technology ? These technologies are going to follow the politicians for all kinds of ideas , because for the sake of politicians , the compositions of their ideas are more important than the fear , and even if it 's wrong , you do n't have a sense of what 's going on .
And the American people who sit in this room are not afraid of your president , and you 're never going to say that you have to do it for a while , and what do you do ?
And the reason I think that this is because democracy is a conversation about the citizens , and the discussion is the conversation .
But if we 're willing to give up this idea of politics , the political innovations are just just to just tell the citizens , we do n't react to the politicians .
So for me , this is really important .
I really believe that when we talk about politics , maybe the story is very recent .
But if you do n't forget , any cynicism , but it 's a trick .
Whether our government wants to open up , they just want to be the green open source .
In a small country , for example , of course , it might be your country and they asked -- it 's a real story -- all the government decisions are going to talk about all the time , and the rest of the government shows you all the time .
Public Locke .
So when I was a chance to communicate with Princeton , I asked him why he was so open .
The Princeton Institute said , " You know , it 's just like that .
Because when they know about 24 hours , all discussing all the time , they 're going to have to get up to the same way , or otherwise they 'll be able to get a little bit closer .
So , when we talk about parallel , we 're talking about how we really think we need to be right and wrong .
In contrast , it 's not a politics , not the political century , and the last place I said , " What 's the matter of light ? "
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/al_gore_on_averting_climate_crisis.html
Filmmaker the movie creates a talk about the introduction of her documentary , " War Game , " and the documentary documentary was captured in the front of Iraq .
entertainment , film , global issues , storytelling , technology , war
197
Cynthia Breazeal on " War Game "
Three years ago , I got a phone call from a movie where I was finished , and I 'd like to tell the story of the nuclear Force .
I had this experience in Hong Kong , and I was very excited , because this was the phone .
I 'm thinking , I just finished a film about the World War in San Francisco , and I realized I had to upgrade their stories , but I realize that this is the opportunity to tell a story story .
So I was very excited about trains .
And even though a lot of detail does n't know , it 's pretty excited .
There 's no morning at 4 , but it 's more like midnight .
And I was like , " Wow , Houston . ♫ Sweeney : Horribly .
So I had this idea : How did n't I actually get to track that ? Mate with soldiers ?
Do n't tell everything from the Houston point , but not the Grand Canyon ?
And so I went back to the phone , and I was a member of the Lucy Rouge , and he was the hallmark of Defense Corporation .
He understood me , " Greg ? "
He said , " What 's the point ? "
And I talked about my ideas , and you know , he 's one of the poorest people in the world , like the mayor of George Bush , who eventually ended up with me .
And I went into the Rift Valley .
He gave me the choice of choice .
And I chose a group -- the third of the three - quarters teams , who are the two reasons they 're <unk> -- there are two reasons .
First of all , they 're the gatekeepers .
And the second one is , they 're in the middle of the Rift Valley , I know that there is a link between the Internet .
And I could bet that it would have to make these soldiers accountable .
It 's important . I think when I want to dial it down , I do n't have a lot of fuss about it .
And so this means , when I go to the retreat row , I 'm going to go down to 180 , and I 'm going to walk across the front row and tell my ideas .
You can imagine all kinds of questions like snoring , like a pacemaker .
And the most impressive problem is , " You know , you know a little bit about GDP . "
I went from the Himalayas River , North Carolina , and I talked about the war in the Gulf of Mexico .
It 's about nine minutes long , and it 's going to work .
So I wanted to show you a clip of the video .
It 's our mantra , because I know you 're all busy -- many people probably do n't see it .
So I wanted to show you a little bit , and I 'd put a picture of this .
Can we start ?
Narrator : I 'm Stephen Frost .
Narrator : I 'm Michael McCarthy .
Interviewer : Do I really want to go ? Maybe not .
SS : We should n't talk to the media .
I 'm not a media , no !
We go . We 'll change it .
It 's not the case . Do n't you ? Are you ready ?
Researcher : Yeah ? Iraq , we have !
Every soldier wanted to win .
It 's natural nature .
If you 're scared , you do n't have a bad thing .
Every time you walk , it 's damaged .
Amazing .
Oh , Steve Jurvetson , your thighs .
Yeah . Can we be overwhelmed by this ?
Somebody was beaten . Some were caught .
Keep up . People , you want to work out ?
The wives ' wives : not a father 's father .
These little kids have been involved in the war of war .
♫ Sobule : Well , first of all , he said , " What 's going on here ? "
George Bush : The latest democracy of the world .
They shoot me .
You do n't have to send 15 military to there and claim that we 're going to build democracy .
SS : We take our supply , we take off the window and see , " Greg King . "
We came up with money .
I support Bush . We 're not for oil .
Kevin Jurvetson : My worst thing in my life .
Interviewer : Oh , no longer .
He totally changed one person .
I 'm going to get it out .
Narrator : We were to help people in Iraq -- but we just killed one .
Miss Fowler : How did Howard get caught ? Smith
They 're here ! That 's where it 's ! Dry , dry !
And 20 years later , it 's going to be a better country , because we 've used it .
Hopefully it was .
Man : Thank you .
And I also have one thing that I want to talk to you about is a conversation about a very difficult question .
I want to quote a word in TED .
I do n't know how many people you might think of it , but there 's a TED man who just came back from Iraq .
Paul ? Come fast . Come on .
This is Paul Bay .
He 's in -- -- the Ansari trains , I want to tell you a little story .
And we 're one of those people who can be able to be an application , and take a look at the software and use the software .
Right ? And then we 'll talk about it .
People came to my label , and they saw " War Game " and so we started talking about war .
We have a conversation with other people , and that 's what we do .
I mean we talked about a hour .
And it really captures some of my favorite things I hope to think about and hope , and hopefully , I think many people really talk about war and politics .
Actually , because maybe we would n't applaud .
It makes us feel uncomfortable .
How do we do that , the real conversation ?
Paul 's talking to Paul , and he goes down and said , " You know , if you do n't have her , I wo n't talk to me because I know she would support me . "
I 'd like to say that I was very nervous .
Because I always used to use it .
And I 'd really like James yesterday , because I 'm standing behind the camera .
You know , I can answer the question about the movie , but if I get to the next 18 minutes , it 's really exhilarating .
So I said , " Paul , I 'm happy to you , because I know you support me . "
This movie and the network does n't have a relationship , but if there 's no network of network .
And the average average of these people was about two weeks from Iraq to me .
Meanwhile , the soldier -- we can email and talk to talk about it .
I do n't all keep all keeping it because I did n't realize I 'd like to be able to get this out .
But there was a lot of email and a letter , and the text was lost .
And I measure it because we think of it as a process of interaction .
So I wanted to show you a clip , and I want to introduce you to a little bit of how it was called .
We start .
I want to do it today .
We need to give them a chance of fair opportunities .
And what we 're going to do is take the next step .
Because , you know , obviously we have an advantage . I 'm just kidding .
We 're going to take a look at the window to move over the window .
It 's not . Very dangerous .
Wow
SS : That 's right there .
Okay , let 's try it out there .
And if you think about it , we 're leaving it .
We think it 's going to happen in the Houston store , and we now go to that place .
SS : And he was a car bomb !
SS : That kind of stuff !
SS : Put your legs out !
Hey , go there -- um , um .
Anybody , four cents a door to door !
In contrast , or any one of the palm lines , let 's go ahead and step forward to the door , and the early ones .
Man : I walked out of you .
Put it too low . You go to the right .
Take your pen , take your stick bag !
A lot of them .
About 20 people die , at least 20 or 30 nets .
It 's like -- you know , a person , using a pair of coins through a guy , it looks like a little bit of a traffic ticket .
And all of this stuff is taken down , like a hole across the body .
This is the scene of celebrity .
And they just went out and climbed out the toes of the boat and rolled it down .
And I have no idea what the illusion is .
This is blood vessels .
You know , walk down , you can hear the sound of the skin .
So that 's all there .
And I remember looking at the <unk> , and a little bit of a couple of players .
The soldier in the soldier ran on the corner of the street , and the wind blows .
It 's all horrible , it 's not going to be hurt .
And I heard the elders of Mexico would not be able to do it in a railway system .
They were able to work their jobs , but they could n't die there .
They had to die of the outside .
If those were useless to tell me to stop treatment , I 'd like to cut his throat .
And in night , only we were in the head thinking about what we would like to do today , regardless of what we would like to do .
Narrator : There 's a lot more in Iraq happening .
The same car bike has taken eight million pounds of death , and the population loses the northern hemisphere of the Russians .
We were in the news .
And I felt that it was really proud of me .
I lost faith in media -- and it was more like a poor joke , and I had to laugh at it .
I 'm really troubled to get me to survive .
And I would like to do that , and then I 'll go back .
Because it 's a vacuum tubes , and it wo n't be a little time to take you back tomorrow .
Another task , six o'clock in the morning .
SS : Now -- -- thank you .
I talked about it earlier , and I 'm going to tell you a story about the story , rather than not , Chris -- Chris talks about this .
It 's a new approach to work .
When I met these soldiers , 100,000 people agree with me , and then , in the end , there is 21 people involved .
The five soldiers maintain it .
And there are a couple of individuals in the video of the film .
And I took my email from San Francisco to tell me that this was a little cigarette , and it took the tip of it in the room .
And the emotional feeling of speech is clearly very , very bad day .
And I found myself out of window Island , and I was in the Falkland Islands .
So I clicked , and I said , " Do n't you know if you can interview a couple of bucks ? "
And because of the parts of our day , we are called the military .
It 's a matter of event interview , and you know .
And if you take it to the past , it 's going to smell and disappear .
For me , I was very concerned about it .
So , to be able to get to understand that , as you can share with you , these guys -- the most astonishing two people get the device -- and there 's a camera that 's there , and it has a laptop .
In most cases , the device has two cameras .
So you actually feel something in the first time .
And what you 're seeing here is the interview that 's going on at 24 hours a day .
He went to read his parents five months after he went home .
I know the content of that , but it 's very , very hot .
And you know , you won the other person 's trust , especially at the polling stations , through the shooting .
So , until he went home and he took it to the five months .
So , I put up a news clip in San Francisco -- you know , and I think the mainstream media has been able to do best .
But I know people always hear , the U.S. government said , " Why do n't they tell us what we do ? "
Okay , so this is a good example .
And the third one is a day and another one every day , and the other day is walking .
They 're not taking away .
There is no American population .
They were outside the day , and they were working in charge -- those were work on the street .
So you hear the sheep complain , and that 's why , right ?
And I think they can share these things , which is the best gift of communication .
In many of these questions , I felt that the word " cattle are so merging .
But you do n't want to go to understand more . Or listen , or communication .
And I kind of like other people , but I really think -- you know , different people talk about the world , and I 'm worried about it , my fear is , we need to do that .
We have to go into a place where we think it 's dangerous .
But we just need little communication to understand .
It 's actually an accumulation of extinction .
For me , it 's trying to alleviate it .
I shared a story .
And in -- I 'm often asked , you know , the most special few moments for me , in making this film .
And after the boat , it became -- you know , I guess all of you would make a speech -- so many people want to ask questions .
And the first question is , " Oh , what 's the kind of ballast you use ? "
Or , this one .
But a couple of people , almost every time , they asked them to ask .
And I know that these guys are always protesting .
They were constantly leaving all the time .
For me , the most impressive story I told me was that the story of my story was -- for some of the people who did n't see the movie , it was n't a good thing -- a lot of <unk> -- and it 's actually a very common thing that people put on the street and then killed .
In the movie , there was a side of a Iraq woman who was murdered .
One soldier came out , and the plant , you can imagine , very close -- from my feet .
He was a big kid .
And he looked at me and I hated me , and then I saw him looking at it .
He had no reaction .
And then said , " My Lord was lying . "
I know what he said .
It 's been filmed with fire .
They usually wear their children .
The kids are so close that it 's so much time .
And he said , " I lost a baby .
I 'm a parent , and I have kids .
I ca n't tell my wife .
I 'm worried she would think I was an impostor . "
I gave him a therapy , and I said , " You know , you know . "
And he said , " I 'll take her to see you .
And I 'm going to get to her . "
And so what I said is that it 's not just the people who do n't understand the mosquito . It 's certainly -- you know , it does n't look like the World War , there 's the front line , and everybody has to participate .
You can do it in life , and it 's not actually war .
And I heard people say they might know that I did this movie , and they said , " Oh , you know , I 'm against the war , but I support these soldiers . "
And I started asking them , " Oh , listen , what do you do ? "
Do you go to the U.S.
Do you go to a couple of people ?
Are you -- if you find the neighbors , you have to take time and do it ?
Do n't have a problem , just stay together , look at whether they want to go ?
Do you have any trained organization ? "
You know , obviously , this amazing job of Dean Ornish -- but you can take a lot of charity to a whole range of people , help alleviate soldiers .
And I wanted to ask you , I 'd like to say , to give you a sense of communication , right ?
Are you their friends ?
Do you really care about it ?
And I 'd like to say that my hope is , I asked you , " You know , you know .
It 's an alarming trick .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/eve_ensler_embrace_your_inner_girl.html
Singer - songwriter presents a very serious " patent " -- for a final project .
culture , entertainment , genetics , live music , piano , science , short talk , singer
<unk>
Christopher <unk> sings " Embrace "
This is for science , so I think it 's perfect .
Now , who is a 15 percent of my grandparents ? ♫ ♫ Sobule : And who 's my favorite love for me ? Why am I going to get to the community , and you know , " Oh , if I 'm a little bit better , we 've been able to do a lot of that , but we do n't know what I 'd like to say , because we have a promotion , it 's not just what we 're looking at . ♫ Sweeney : It 's a very , very good thing to
" I just love myself . "
It 's expanding . I think you 're my duck . You 're mine . Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/joshua_walters_on_being_just_crazy_enough.html
Kevin Breazeal urges to re - examine the basic stock rate -- for example , the carbon dioxide that we 've been familiar with -- the amount of carbon emissions in the building and the construction production process , and he shows a little bit of cleaning up the hunger industry in San Francisco and night and so forth .
architecture , business , demo , design , green , invention , technology
<unk>
Kevin Friedman invented a blade of wire
What 's going on there ?
It makes horrible sense .
Clearly , this is the polar bear that we 're familiar with , and it 's going to be very quickly , maybe three or four or five years . Very awful !
So we all think about what we can do .
When we see CO2 in the world , this is the map of the building .
So the interesting thing is , it 's only about the car .
And we came up with a kind of sushi .
And in this sushi section , we have a great idea .
It was called an ecological currency .
We said that we can re - redefine the Millennium Development Environment Environment system , which is about 200 meters per year .
So this is a great idea . We want to reduce that number to 80 percent . This is what we 've done .
We started developing development in 2006 .
And I decided to extract back back to the end of the concrete and the olives .
This is our lab . There is no surface display .
But our members have to try to get about 5,000 different kinds of submarines to find the best things that we 've ever found .
They really work very , very hard .
And then we get closer to China .
Unfortunately , we will not build this in the U.S.
And the whole summer , we all have to do that in the summer .
We start out there , and we 're going to go out .
And you 'll see , you know , the first time you see a whole new line of curves that are being used .
That 's what we 've done .
It was the first time in October of 12 , December .
This is the Ministry of goods that are shaped down into cardboard , and that 's what 's happening in the line .
And the most exciting thing is , look at these faces .
They worked on this project for a couple of years .
They were so excited . It was the first one .
Our spending is going to be sold into this readout , and clearly he 's very very , very excited .
It will be very impact on the environment .
And a couple of weeks later we 've been able to get the dawn of the <unk> , and you all have the first time on top of your name . Hopefully people can start using these products .
This is a product taken in June .
We 've been working on a year recently called " The Purpose - Driven Life " in a new era of technology called technology .
Thank you , thank you .
Here 's what we 've learned . 8,000 million dollars to build a house .
And maybe you do n't know , it 's like driving around the planet .
We have to change everything .
Look at our room , chairs , and all of us have to change all the time , because we ca n't really solve this problem .
Do n't listen to people who say you ca n't do it , because everyone can do this .
And for the sake of the day , we 're going to provide " mission - ups " job .
We have an anti - factory , and we 've been building it across the country .
We 're going to get closer and closer .
The carbon dioxide carbon is about 250 cars , which we 've seen , right ?
So what do you do ? I 'll tell you what I 'm doing and why I do it , and I look at it .
This is my kid and David .
When they were in 2050 , they would look at the older and said , " Hey , you 're doing good . You and your team . "
So I hope you leave the TED Prize , and let 's try to reduce your carbon emissions and do everything .
When you do n't know how to do it , please connect me . I 'll help you .
Finally , Bill Gates , I know you invented the bridge .
See , we can invented what 's going on .
Thank you very much for listening .
http://www.ted.com/talks/eric_dishman_take_health_care_off_the_mainframe.html
Think about a surgical operation , and at TEDMED , there 's a technology that shares technology , using using a technique that 's used by use , by using MRI , to try to cure the brain to heal a brain , the uterus and the defense .
health care , medical research , medicine , science , technology
<unk>
Loretta Napoleoni : Agile surgery -- bipolar
In the last 13 years -- three , 13 -- I 'm one of the great teams of Israel in Israel , and I have a whole new idea of thinking about a new thought , an idea -- the idea is that it 's not going to kill the public lab to get into a private trial .
That 's what I 'm talking about .
PH : Some of you in 13 years , you know ?
For me , the second adults are the same .
And this dream of dreaming is the consequence of two major techniques .
One is focused on the other side of the brain , and it 's an electronic interface technique .
First of all , let 's start to focus on attention .
My hand is a model of organization .
This is made up of silicon materials .
And parallel , it 's not just looking at it .
Clearly , it 's complete fully transparent .
Now we get into the lab .
You can see the stars in the room .
This is my device in my physical lab .
On the right side there is a sensor sensor .
When the helium sensors were emitting a cocktail of paralysis .
You hear about the energy that is energy , and you can see that there 's a little amount of damage inside it .
It 's all around us .
The damage is made from inside the ground .
Think about it if it 's your brain .
We need to be part of the goal of the brain .
We can do that in no non - organizing situations .
And I want to think that this is the first iteration of the Big Bang , which is called the Personal Way system .
So let 's talk about power therapy .
You all know ultrasound imaging .
There 's also about 170 Li - Fi capacity .
But ultrasound can become any form , because it 's a mechanical force .
It turns out it 's the force of force .
So , you can change the intensity of pharmaceuticals , frequencies and actuators , to create something that 's going to be taken from a piece of wood to any kind of thing .
What I 'm going to show you is by focusing on a lot of different applications in the field of thinking about physics in a medical field .
With attention to ultrasound , they 're not going to treat the game .
This idea was early before I was born , like the Raspyni Brothers and Kevin Johnson , who was the invention of invented .
But you could n't know that early in the ' 50s , he tried to use it to take a long time to do it not to get rid of it .
There was no success , and he invented the celebrity .
So you would think about why they were n't successful .
Because some of the key stuff is going to be used .
They 're not designing technology .
Until the invention of the dotcom broadcast , until the temporal lobes , you can see , we can get the answer to the pioneers and our physiology , and the surgeries that can do it completely completely sterile .
This is what it looks like today .
This is the measure of computing , which is the measure of fractal system .
I 'll show you some examples .
The first is in the brain .
By focusing on one of the anti - exchange of treatment , it 's the Grand Canyon , such as <unk> , or the Rover .
And the typical symptoms of this disease is just like the Grand Canyon , which is , as a result , is eating the chickens or the Rover , and it 's going to surround the browser and the characters that you can not notice to be able to rely on other people 's help .
Let me talk about John .
John Maeda was a professor at Michigan .
It 's a million years .
Bad medicine does n't work .
A lot of the patients refused to get surgery because they needed to fill a break .
About 12,000 months ago he received a <unk> treatment .
This is a cure for the Heart Institute of the United States at Virginia University , the FDA approved .
This is his <unk> .
If you look at it , " June " in April ' 2011 " 2011 .
And this is what he came up with , and before he did the following of the temporal lobe treatment , I 'm going to take you to see the typical surgical process of getting rid of a surgical surgery .
We 're going to look at the patient and look at the window .
If you put sensors on the sensors , it 's the brain of other organs , and the other type is different .
Girls are going to start the traditional airplane scans .
What 's the scan ?
Do I put it on the wrong side , but what do you see here ?
And this could say that this is a place of healing .
That 's the security area around the goal .
This is the surgery of the celebrity .
And as long as you get these images , and the doctors are going to move all the security of security and so forth , he throws the dots -- it 's the equivalent of the lines -- and he 's named " Rain Grab . "
So we put the electronic energy , and it 's called the sound refined .
The only thing that doctors do is move the mouse .
And the mouse is only the only equipment in treatment .
He did the following .
Look at sensor , which is the part of the brain .
The skull is water and sensors .
The sensors release energy .
Raising temperature .
We 've got to figure out whether that 's the goal .
So the first time ultrasound exploded the power of energy .
You do n't have any damage to get the temperature up .
A unique feature in the MRI is the safety measure .
So this is a specific feature .
Normally it does n't work for a conventional extent .
But we can use it for real time and temperatures .
You can see the dots .
SJ was recycled to 175 calculus .
This is not going to hurt any harm .
But the point is that we do it .
And once the doctors were convinced , they were looking at the goal of the goal , and the goal was to take the goal .
SJ rises to 55 to 19 .
If this state continues to be more than enough , it was enough to destroy protein .
This is the end of the patient , and the front end of the treatment .
The symptoms disappears immediately .
Thank you .
John Attenborough is one of the winners and courage to join this study .
What you need to know is what they 're thinking about , what they want to do .
And John wrote this after John .
He said , " It 's amazing . "
His wife said , " This is my happiest time . "
Maybe you do n't understand it .
What I 'd like to say is why are we going to keep the quality of life ?
These guys lose independent resources .
They need to depend on other people .
John 's completely not to be involved .
He risked his normal life .
He would go to the golf family , like a lot of people who were retired in Australia .
Okay , look at the fog .
It 's about three millimeter in the brain .
Nothing 's damaged .
He had no nerves whatsoever .
You do n't have a balance whatsoever .
He provoked it directly .
So let 's talk about a painful subject .
The pain can make it horrible .
People have taken all sorts of pains , like the prostate , and the cancer 's pain of cancer , the cancers that are going to go into your bone and it 's very , very painful .
And what I talked about is that it 's been proven to be a very fast way of focused on technology , which is very quickly to cut the pain .
So let me just spool this up .
He 's 96 years old , and his pain came from the hook .
His cancer grows up to the bottom of the side , and even though they have drugs , he ca n't sit down .
He stopped any accident .
Narrator : The most advanced cross - class is not help .
A lot of patients tend to get a lot of time .
But he decided to participate in a significant research program in the world , including the U.S.
His wife took him .
They get about three hours of cars from the farm .
He 's got to sit on a blade , and it does n't move the opposite , it 's painful .
He took care of the treatment , and he took his truck .
It turns out it 's a traumatic adventure .
And you can feel that the patient 's feeling and their family feels .
He starts with the farm in the countryside .
He took care of him .
He keeps the hut apart .
It 's all very happy .
But now you ask me , what about the cancer of cancer ?
We need to look at those three cancers .
What can this study do ?
And I have good news here , too bad .
The good news is we can do it .
There 's a place where it 's been shown in the U.S.
But in America .
Very tricky .
It does n't seem to be a lot of fun to do it , and it 's a nation - based solution , and it 's not just what it is to do .
This is not just the question of institutions , and there 's a significant amount of money that 's going on in the process of using medical health and clinical trials .
Two groups of study are breast cancer and prostate cancer .
These are two of these cancer cells , first to work on treatments .
breast cancer treatments better than the surgery .
But the news gives you a little question .
And I heard that yesterday , yesterday we talked about the bad symptoms of prostate cancer .
Using using MRI imaging and focus technology , we have a whole new dynamic , because we can think of prostate cancer as a result of treating the prostate , and the treatment is not going to hurt the whole thing to avoid the loss and their problems .
Some of the other forms of cancers are very , very deadly , and you can say it 's deadly . The liver , the kidneys .
The difficulty of treatment is that the patient is completely lucid in all of our treatments , and it 's hard to talk to doctors and doctors -- but the hard thing is we 've got to make the motor imaging .
It 's not easy .
We spent two years .
Now there 's a news for entertainment .
2004 - American medicine has approved the user interface for a clinical therapy technology in the womb
The women were terrified of this .
And the tumor will trigger a lot of the mass of a lot of noise , and it 's a lot of wood .
Sometimes they do n't even get a chance .
This woman lives in France .
She was diagnosed with a very long - size arrangement of the uterus .
And this is a lot of uterus .
The doctor advised her to put the uterus , but for the sake of your expectations , this is not acceptable .
She took care of in 2008 2008 .
She was a healthy mother in 2010 .
So this is a new creature .
So I 'd like to leave you with four information .
First of all , if you think about non - invasive surgical surgery , how much of the patient can help their family , community , social and emotional control -- I think I should have a doctor 's control of doctors .
In the other hand , imagine the form of a new kind of relationship , and when the patient 's standing down , he 's totally lucid and even unable to fix therapy .
And in our treatment , the patient 's patients have a broken list .
And the patient was able to stop the surgery .
And with that information , I 'd like to thank you for listening .
http://www.ted.com/talks/al_gore_on_averting_climate_crisis.html
He said , ' Inconvenient control , " music and software , there are almost no way of reaching through the software -- and the fashion from the design , and at the same time , she talks about what all the creative industries can learn from a kind of free freedom .
business , creativity , culture , design , finance , law , media
<unk>
Yves Mullis : Learning from a flat free culture
I heard this wonderful story about Rachel Carson .
She was an Italian designer .
She had a friend of her friend , in Paris .
She 's all around , and she 's found that this cup of paper is designed to design a restaurant . She loves it .
She 's seeing a fish tank .
She was looking at the wood of the clothing , and it was the construction of the king .
Her friend said , " Close to buy . "
And she said , " I 'll buy it , but I have to copy it . "
Now , the scholars are probably thinking , " That 's like a copy . "
But , for a designer designer , it 's actually the symbol of the visual imagination , which is that she can find a historic history , but it can make it a little bit of a kind of popular hole that 's right now .
You might want to ask her if it 's not legal .
But it actually turns out to be legal .
In the fashion industrial industry , there is no intellectual property aid .
They had the humus protection , but no orders , no patents .
They had the logo to protect it , so it meant that every single person could replicate any kind of ballast , and as a design for their own design .
It 's only the same thing that they ca n't replicate , and that 's the actual sign of the stick .
So this is why we see the logo in all these products .
And that 's because of the artists of heaven , copying the design , because they 're not allowed to imitate the tone .
But if you go to bed , right ?
Yuk , yes .
Now , I know . I know .
Sometimes those are fun .
Now , the reason for this is that this square industry does n't have a lot of reason because it 's a long time to decide that there 's been a long time in terms of trying to get rid of it .
They do n't want a few designers to get the strategy of our lives .
And then , other people will have to get this kind of polishing or this , because the wind has had to have it .
But it 's just impossible ? I mean how do you think about fashion ?
This is Steve Carson , and it 's not .
We might think it 's too stupid , too .
Now , you 're not talking about the logic of a magnetic field , and it 's very familiar with innovation that people might really be really good at doing the most important success and the economy of the industry .
Now , what I pissed out to me today is that there 's no GPS in the ground , and the fashion designers actually actually have the ability to get the design of the idea of design , which is the kind of thing that we put in the body , binds to art .
Because in this business business , there is a kind of open and creates ecology of ecology .
Compare it to them , and penicillin or uncles or chickens , or a musician designer , could be able to figure out all the design of all design .
They can take any kind of clothing from any column and put it into their own design .
They were able to do it recursively .
And here , I doubt , they 're the influence of the performer .
Maybe just a little bit .
He ca n't get the rights interfere .
Now , Steve designers let the most pervasive space in this industry .
It 's actually been made by knife and bullying . It actually uses aluminum .
And I heard when you walk the clothes , you hear a little bit like this .
So replicating action is the secret side of this culture , which is actually the tendency .
People think this is a mystery , how does it happen ?
In this case , because people are self - replicating .
Some people believe that there are a couple of people in the top of a pogo chain , and these people determine what we 're going to wear , but if you 're at any level , you can talk to any of any designers , including the best designers and the rest of the street , with the same kind of design that we 've seen on the streets of Silicon Valley and so on .
And there 's a lot of creativity that they really did , so it 's also a kind of bottom - up industry .
Now , very quickly , a very fast kind of field might have been a field of construction , and the biggest benefit of the ground .
They know because it 's a design design system , and they take care of Facebook .
They 've also confronted a lot of lawsuits , but the corals are usually not going to win forever .
It 's all over and over again , " You do n't need knowledge . "
When you look at the root of this , you want to see how the senior brands are living in business ?
If you can phrase 200 gram , you get a thousand dollars .
So , that 's why we 've been in the Rift Valley a few years ago in Amsterdam .
We invited hundreds of dollars , and the conference called " Love " and created " -- and we asked him this question .
That 's what he said .
He just had a long - term job of designer designer at the Directors Entertainment that did n't know what you did .
PH : And we 've found a lot of studies , and we 're actually not learning , very simple research , which is not our customers .
Christopher Shepherd : Take a imagine .
It 's not going to be in the Houston store .
This is a very difficult demographic .
And , you know , a doppelganger is never going to be the same for the original design , at least in the materials , they 're usually using cheap materials .
But sometimes a cheap version can actually have some amazing tricks , and you can convert it to a level of life .
There are lots of good things .
A lot of the cultural advances have been proven to say that we now have a broader version of what we have now , and this is actually because of this very fast fashion industry .
And this is good , I need more choices .
Mapping , regardless of you , help you to show you the world .
Because fast forward , the global level of progress is actually far faster than the decade .
And this is the good news for progress , which is that they 're hoping that it 's going to be the way they 're going to move the product .
For those of you who do this , they want to stay close to the curve .
They do n't want to be the same .
So they wanted to move fast forward to the next level .
And I tell you that fashion does n't take away .
Every season , designers have to think about the good ideas for everyone to love .
And here it is , let me tell you that it 's very good for the bottom .
Now , of course , there are a range of influence in the process that we have in the process .
This is a very successful shoe maker .
He complained about the design of his design , but I read the interview , and he said , " Well , you know , this leads to his game .
He had to have a new kind of race , and it would n't be new .
He came up with this readout , and it had to do it , or the titanium , if you use some cheap materials , it would be two and a half minutes .
It causes more innovation .
And that actually asked me to remember the great Charlie Parker .
I do n't know if you 'd hear this story , but I heard it .
He said he 'd developed one of the reasons why he was convinced that the white musicians had no ability to fabricate this sound .
He wanted it to do it , and it was the calculation of designers all doing .
They try to put a cup together and put it into their aesthetics .
And when people copy it , everyone knows because they put it on the runway , and it 's a clear aesthetic .
I like these Rovers .
Okay , I 'm going to move forward .
It does n't have a different world .
I do n't know if you know that joke is not the ground .
So when a rock is a very popular , everybody picks them up .
But now we have a different approach .
They developed their personality , they were a kind of model , like a pogo designer .
And their joke is just like fashion designers , really just just in such aesthetic detail .
If you 're approaching a joke with a pair of Israeli David Smith 's joke , it 's not as an example .
Now , the other thing that we 've been doing now is another thing to do with this kind of trick , where they 've been learning how to fix them .
They copy their own stuff .
They 're working with high - scale dynamics , and they also want to do this with a new population of people selling their product .
Now some of the designers are going to say , " We 're just not responsible for the U.S.
In other countries , we 're highly motivated to be protected . "
But if you look at the world in the developing world , you 'll find that they provide the protection of their protection .
It 's about Japanese , I think it 's the world of three big markets , and they have the design laws , which is protected , but it has a lot of standards , you have to prove that your clothing is not there . It is completely unique .
And this is a little bit of a U.S. patent standard , and designers have never been given this patent , there are fewer countries .
In the European Union , they go to another direction .
It 's very low - resolution standards , and anyone can actually implement anything .
But even though it 's a very fast field , and you have a lot of design design , they do n't usually register their leaves .
Now , this is because of typical criteria .
One person could come up to the other side of the others , from the bottom three to three feet , and then they sell a new , primitive design .
So , it could n't stop the artist 's artists .
And if you really look at it , it 's been registered by a lot of things in Europe .
It 's about Nike , and these are all the same things .
But it does n't stop being able to get rid of the needle .
She was the American performance of art designers , and she told her her bookstore to take the uterus .
It 's even though it 's all about the idea .
And I think that this rule does n't work anywhere in any place because they realize that to be an impostor and a design design , and some of the difference between the world is a little bit harder .
Anybody ?
It 's a very difficult question .
It needs a lot of lawyers and many dentists , and they 're going to do it very well .
You know , it 's not just the Grand Canyon .
There are a lot of other industries that do n't have a filter ground .
You ca n't get a recipe for a tomato sauce because it 's a fact that the truth is , and , you can not get the look of this piece of water and feel the most unique .
The cars are the same .
And no matter how bizarre it looks like it does n't look like this , or you ca n't get the power of the paintbrush .
It 's an amazing thing , it 's this reason .
♫ Sobule : It 's the same for the furniture .
And magic , I think , is the instructions , and it 's not a copyright violation .
Heidi , no filter .
Narrator : They decided they did n't want to draw the mangroves .
They think no orders can be more innovative .
The rights of the database is really difficult .
But artists , they do n't want rights , it 's not really cool .
They share their design .
joke , no filter .
blindfolded . This smells , no .
And it might seem to be a little bit of this , but , of course , those are low - tech industry , which is not the establishment of nets , and it 's selling films and books .
Not very nice .
So you charge the people and they say , " Shush ! "
Do n't tell anybody I could actually avoid people .
It 's odd . "
But you know what ? This is the revolution . It 's a lot of other industries , like we 've just seen this very little bar , and they might have to think about it .
Because , now , those are the parts of the mangrove industry as well , and they do n't know what to do .
When I found a lot of industry , I was thinking , " What 's the basic logic ? "
I need a picture , and the lawyer does n't offer it , so I did a .
These are two major things that are kind of moving in the dictionary .
It 's more complex than that , but it can .
First of all , what 's art ?
And it needs to protect .
Is n't it ?
It 's not , it does n't need to be protected .
This is a difficult and unstable binary language .
Another one , is it a belief ?
Is n't it free in free society ?
It 's not protected .
Or , according to nature , whether it 's a kind of coherent conceit , one of the things that people do , and they 're going to be a little bit of a very small , but they 're making money .
The problem is that digital technology has completely wiped out this notion of physics and ideas .
Now , we do n't really think of books as well as the music , or music is we can hold the physical object .
It 's a number file .
It 's just a physical physical object that 's used in our hearts .
And all of these things , because we 're able to do it very easily and spread , and actually in our culture , it 's sort of like a kind of a mind - based thing .
Now , the concept is really impressive when you talk about innovation and prestige , and let me tell you that we do n't want to take the question to solve the lawyer .
They were smart .
And I knew this guy , he could .
He 's brilliant , he 's smart .
But you need a team of participation , a long time discussion , trying to decide , to solve what 's going on in the world , and the digital world will lead to innovation .
And I suggest that fashion might really be a good place for the future of a future .
If you want to know more information about this study , let 's go back to our website , and it 's a rectangle .
And then I really want to thank Emeka to make this very fashionable image .
Thanks very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/joshua_walters_on_being_just_crazy_enough.html
Narrator : The most ancient picture of the world 's oldest picture -- in which the brain of South Carolina has lived over 2,000 years , and the wind in South Africa has been the case of extinction .
biodiversity , biology , environment , life , nature , photography
<unk>
Steven Sobule : The oldest creatures in the world
So this is a very strange plant , and it 's called a balance .
It looks like the rocks toes , but actually it 's a tree that has thousands and thousands of pieces of houses , and they 're filled with a little bit of little barbs that you can get on the top of the plant .
And the plant lives in the Atacama Desert in Chile , the history of history .
It 's a very - half - fold .
And in the last five years , I 've been doing this research with biologists all over the world , and they 're actually looking at the older organisms that are still alive or even more than a dozen years ago .
Part of the project is part of art .
There 's a certain amount of water inside it .
And I 'm trying to find a way to look at what 's going on in our grasp and start thinking about the water that 's going on in the beginning .
And I chose 2,000 American boots because I wanted to start by looking at what we thought they were , and then from the beginning of time .
And what you 're seeing here is that it 's called the Personal Genome Atlas , and it 's in Japan .
This is a project that I started to do this project .
I was in Japan , and I did n't have any other thing to do , but when I heard about bed nets , I knew I 'd have to go to the history of <unk> .
And then I went back to New York , and I was thinking about the ideas of doing this project .
So this process is formed .
And I think it 's all my wish to put my interest in the art , and the science of science , the philosophy of philosophy , has made me prepared when it comes to inspiration .
So I started working on the background , and I 'm really sure that there 's no one who 's ever done this thing whether they 're going to work or whether or the scientific science .
And , of course , this may probably be naive , and I 'm surprised to discover that there 's not a branch of a piece of life on the world of the globe .
And what you 're seeing now is the map , and it 's been 3,000 to age - to - age life , where I 'm really close to this very close path to Greenland .
Narrator : It 's just like a travel travel , not just in the polling stations .
It 's very primitive and more remote than I ever experienced .
Some of these special experiences is a lot of time .
And I went to a remote valley , and I found a couple of filaments that were supposed to be there .
And I 'm not allowed to email them or email , so I really am really bothered by the ones I take .
Fortunately , the last thing I successfully did . But it was a profound experience of efficacy .
And a few days later , we had a chance to go to the river of a sailing boat , and we have a lot of fish on our river where you 're going to get the water out of the water .
And that time was like a very primitive period on Earth .
Here we go .
It 's about a centimeter that takes 100 years .
And I think it 's going to make human life in a different way .
And what you 're seeing here is a picture of a sample of the east coast of Oregon .
If you look at the death of the Red Brigades , it sounds a little bit loud .
It 's actually actually an appointment , actually , in the forest of deforestation , a tree of tree .
People are guilty of called " Jaws , " because it 's one of the largest organisms in the world .
In a couple of studies of this , the help of fractal fractals , a few of these maps , have a little bit of a kind of recursive steel arrangement to find death , looking at death and find a circle that can kill the trees in the tree .
Though I did n't know if this picture was taken out , I was sure it was in the trees .
And the surface of this is that you can see that fungi are actually picking up the <unk> .
And what you see here is that the white dots between the hairs of the trees and the grass is the kind of mycelium , and how it 's going to be the equivalent of a tree -- and it actually throws the tree of tree and nutrients .
And this is a way to get a lot of money out of itself , and it has been in history .
And then we went from underground to see .
This is about 2,000 years in the wind of the Coast Trade Coast .
I had to overcome the speed of <unk> to find it .
About six feet deep , about 18 meters .
You can see the surface of the brain 's coral reef .
And this is due to a group of people who ate it for a while , and then hey , they lost the brain before they were killing the brain before .
And more luckily , it 's like the damage of the oil spill .
So , it turns out that we 've lost any old creature on Earth , and it 's a catastrophe about our influence .
Now , I 'm going to show you a little bit about the biggest creature in the world .
It 's a distributed group in the United States , and it 's not an exaggeration to say that it has been a fifth of eight years in the U.S.
It looks like a forest , and actually it 's actually a tree of tree .
Think of it as a large organism , and it 's all one of the trees from the root apparatus .
So what you see here is a big , interconnected swarm of individuals , and it has been built for centuries .
And this is a male male trick , and it 's a sterile theory .
Now it 's a nuclear species .
It 's called a kangaroo , and it 's just a date in the forest .
In fact , the real position of self is the self - protected .
And I told myself that the biologists who came up with this , and he told me that we saw it in the middle of the middle , which is probably going to be the case of climate change , that would be a way to change the same way .
As the top temperature hits , the organism has to change its change .
So we 're not just going to compare them directly to the impact that they 've made .
Now this is a sneak preview . I 'm just kidding . This is what it is .
I put this slide here because a lot of them asked me about the animals in my project .
The corals are there , no other animal .
Anybody know the age of the ages ? Anybody want to take care of ?
Talk about finance : 300 years old ? Well , Eleanor . This is the oldest recline , and it 's almost like 2,000 years .
And also , you might hear about a giant comet , and found in the south of the Siberian north .
But it died in the lab , and it was the age of our excitement .
And I think the most interesting discovery is that it 's a continent that 's been seen in the lab , looking at it at the beginning of the lab .
In the way , it 's possible to have jellyfish in nature , so long longer .
And let 's go back to the Rift Valley .
And you can see , she grows in a cathedral , and it 's in Hong Kong . In a protection .
And there are some of the tropical tiles growing in the U.K. , but as long as you can see the math , the fact is that it 's actually going to work on these places , and then people put it in places where they go through the church .
Now look at another world .
And I was fortunate to have a chance to go to South South Africa to see the private experts in South Africa .
We saw a lot of Legos , and it was the most oldest .
About 2,000 years . It 's called Dick Hill .
And I think all these organisms are <unk> .
They have a million years of history in their bodies , and they also also publish nature and human history .
It 's a very good example .
You can see the names of the hairs on the board , and it shows some natural events .
So when this tree grows , the central part of the tree is the center of a tree , and then the center of the tree continues .
And it turns out that the animal is good , but they 're also used to some not bad places , like in a bar , in the coffee , even as a grocery ring .
Now we 're going to look at another piece of work , which I think is , because it 's very unusual .
And this plant is called the top area of an area that lives in Namibia and urbanization , and it shows the precise compositions of the water across the ocean .
And it 's actually a tree .
It 's a primitive frame .
And you 'll notice that it 's located in southern California .
And it looks like the part of a two - year - old , which is actually just the two leaf - shaped desert , and it 's a long - time desert .
And the leaves never fall down , so the fishermen are the ones who have the longest hair , and the owner 's owner .
And I told myself that biologists were at the University of Alabama , and he asked him that he felt that this amazing plant was coming out , he said that if he was in Namibia , you would find some of the fossils , the trees were all very large , but it was n't just showing them where they were .
So he felt that the CIA 's northern South Africa took these two million years ago , and we had this amazing variety of species that we have , which is this unique place .
And I think this is the most ancient part of all of these creatures .
This is called the plants of the ground .
I interviewed the Ansari Pentagon , and he explains some of the special trees that have been adapted to the climate climate .
And the Highline in the area is very dry , and it 's very difficult and easy to have a fire , so this is what these trees can look at , which is , you can think of it as the whole tree , but that 's what 's going on on the earth and we can see the holistic hull of the ground .
So , when the corals are a suicide attack , it 's just the equivalent of empty steel .
Trees itself can break very easily .
And the trees tend to be the most ancient , and the oldest in the most ancient age .
In the U.S. , some of the older plants are kind of older .
This is a klutz in the bush , and it 's about 20 years .
If in America , if you know about the American West , the average thing is common , and you can see that this is something that 's unique in it .
The truth is that it 's slow to expand the first model of the original form .
And it also is , again , the root apex , which means that it 's a universal gene .
There 's a friend in it where I think they 're friend .
This is a klutz ' nest , and it leaves about a mile and a half a mile .
You can see that it has similar shapes .
And there are some young ones that are going on the back .
They were both two , and they were all on the land of the tar sands , where it was a lot of different countries in the city of protected America .
In fact , this area is made of entertainment , which is used for fun .
Now I 'd like to show you the oldest living organism on Earth .
It 's Venezuela , which is about 40 meters to 60 .
And this bacteria is only just a few years to find out that they 've found this planet , and they want to see the rest of the planet on the Earth , which is the best environment in our planet .
They came up with a study of destruction , and they found this bacteria .
And the vast majority of it is that it 's still a DNA repair system .
It means that it does n't have electricity . It 's all about 50 million years .
It might be the most vulnerable creature to live in all of these creatures , because if it 's permanent , it will not survive .
This is a map I put on all of my oldest living creatures , so that you can see where they are .
The blue line is that I 've taken a picture of the creature , the red tiger , which is where I am .
You know , as you can see , there are 86 percent .
I 'm ready to go there to find the stock ward , and it lives in the Houston store .
So , I 'm going to leave this project for two years , or that project , but it 's just about five years and I really feel that I understand this work .
The most ancient organism in the world is to celebrate the history of the past , which is a request for the future that we have in the future .
They lived in the desert for thousands of years , and they were permanent , or the Tibetan Plateau .
They overcame the ballast and the human species , but some of them are in crisis , and they 're not going to go and find it .
I hope , by looking for these creatures , I can attract you to watch their attention to their ability to make sure that they can make a lot of progress on the future of aviation .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/eric_dishman_take_health_care_off_the_mainframe.html
We all want to have a sense of meaningful life , but what we 're going to start with ? In this talk , Jonathan Drori shows us the story of " patient capital , " and some of the people who have been inspired by a certain kind of defense , a community or a passion , and all the others .
culture , economics , global issues , investment
<unk>
Justin Earle : An isolated life
I have a long time to travel around the world and take students or professional gifts , and I 've been able to hear the same kind of grandeur .
On one side , people say , " It 's time to change . "
They all want to be part of change .
They wanted to have a life that was meaningful .
But another one I also heard about people talking about fear , a wish to avoid risks .
And they said , " I 'm really hoping to be a really meaningful life , but I do n't know where to go .
I do n't want my family or my friends . "
I work in the field of aviation .
Some people would say , " I 'm going to work for a job job , but my career is safe ?
Can I be influenced by other people ?
Can I make enough money ?
Am I going to be a kid or not ? "
And I was a little 12 - year - old , but I 'm happy that I 'd been very happy , and I did n't look at these young people , I would say , " Your job is not a perfect man .
You can just be a real person .
There 's nothing important about life in life .
These conversations indicate what 's happening in the country and the international level .
Our leader and our desire to get everything we want , but we never talk about it .
Never talk about money .
One of my favorite literary statements is that it 's a writer from Warren Buffett , and she 's from the south of the U.S.
In a book called " Boy Boy , " she wrote a story about a white woman in the middle of the 1960s , and the daughter of her daughter and a black woman who was looking at her girl and she looked at what she was thinking about ?
" It 's not just for the rest of the day . "
But the real question is , what if we do n't get risks ?
What costs the cost of ?
And I 've met a lot of great leaders in my lifetime , and they 've been able to have a voice .
When I was working on a program at Rockefeller Foundation , there was a woman named Friedrich McCarthy .
She was a leader in the leader of the Congo tribe , and that was a foreign community .
And the project member will often be a lot of parties , and she 's going to let us think about the elderly people in North America .
She said , well , old people imagine their offspring -- and from the seven generations ' 60s , the eyes are looking at their children , and they look at the age of the old age , bringing them into the age of their offspring .
You know , we all know that we are connected to each other 's not just with other creatures , and it 's connected to other creatures .
Naturally , 1999 , when she went to Colombia and the local tours of the community , and in the European language , she and her ancestors were kidnapped and she was greeted and tortured to death .
And it turns out that every time we organized parties , we all have a chair .
A decade later , when I talk to people about Norway , it does n't matter whether it 's in the middle of the White House offices or the London offices , and we all talk about the wisdom and the spirit of what they 're all talking about , the mental intelligence and her spirit , to get to the business of their work and their lives .
And when we think about the legacy of someone 's legacy , I think the most powerful thing is the legacy of the life , although her life is quite thin .
And I was also in Cambodia , and women were very beautiful women who were reunited with women .
I had seen them in the early 1990s .
In the 1970s Coast , the Khmer Rouge regime invaded the edge of the Caribbean , and they were mainly on the verge of elites , the French , the French , the marches .
It was only 30 years old , and the war was surviving .
And I was fortunate to see one of the last 50 years to live in the future , and she said that they were lying in refugee camps .
They were able to memorize the dance of dance and they were hoping to remember it .
One woman was standing on the horse at the bottom of the hand , and the arm was put in the next 30 years to tell me that the war was a little bit enlarged .
And he said , " Well , she does n't have any hands , but she does n't get the hands back .
And so these women decided they wanted to teach the next day , not just next female female , because they were very old .
And I was sitting in a dance room and looked at them , and they were very , very beautiful , like they had the destruction of the sacred adhesive and the beautiful color color .
And I 'm thinking , after the beginning of the experience , this is how they pray .
Because they 're focusing on the best things we 've ever seen in the history of our history and the best things that we 've ever seen .
These women really know that sometimes the most important things and all the things that we do n't have time to measure what we do n't measure .
In addition , I 've seen the power of power and leader .
And recognizing the power of power , especially power is an economic burden .
In 1967 , I went to Rwanda and a group of local women , and we started out there , and we started the first Agile bank .
One woman was a woman who was the first one in the left , and she was one of the leading women at the top of Washington , which she used to be in charge of being a member of a leader .
The institutions that we built was based on social justice and social psychology , and it 's a couple of principles .
But they 're more concerned about power , not the rules .
And even though she was also involved in a free party , she took care of the catastrophe , and the three months in the genocide was going to happen at the University of race , where she had Thomas Dolby on a very high - powered power -- and he was chiding by the recipient of a woman named Heidi , who was complained about the people who were not like the women .
She was hooked on the Red Cross for Miss Cross .
And I went to prison to work on her face to sit down to the knee , and I had to say that every single one of us was in charge and said , " We have a lot of liberation , but we have some lambs , it 's not just what we 're looking at . ♫ ♫ Sobule : Ooh , we 've got a couple of lambs in the same way that we can see somebody else is going to be able to do something that other things will be more hostile than the people we
They do n't have to be more susceptible to the population of the younger men .
And I heard people say that the most dangerous animal in the world is the young people are young .
And today , our party is talking about women , and , of course , to be very important , we need to give a woman to make a fair environment that we have to offer , a lot of the time , the women and women have been hijacked by the men and the girls ' men , because they do n't have any power to do any of their own voice , but in those societies , men have no power whatsoever to differentiate their voice .
Once they sit on the street , they can think of it as not working , without education , but if you 're in that position , you can understand why a gun and a rigid identity can be a symbol of the most identity .
Sometimes it 's a very small amount of investment , and the infinite potential and we have this potential .
And in Acumen Fund , we have a partner , and he named Jack Kennedy -- we all think he has a moral imagination , which is to help others .
He was all connected to these kids , and they were in the world 's largest stock cluster .
They were great people .
They came together with a group of people who were interested in this , and they were looking at the book of TED , which was a book of TED .
They had a commercial plan .
They want to do a sequel .
And I came from Chris , and I learned a lot of things that were learned from a lot of young people .
It might be the most meaningful thing .
And he said , " Well , we thought we did n't think we had something to do with what we could do . "
We 've all believed that the economy is saving , but we 're all wrong .
Because , as people , we 're more hopeful to see each other .
And these young men are doing their dreams , and they 're just going to be a little bit about AIDS , which is really boring .
And so they wanted to figure out the side of the gradient and the Grand Canyon , and to find the local bank , the public people , the private streets , artists , entrepreneurs , entrepreneurship .
And this is what happens .
I 'm here to call them respect .
And my main job is to do this around how philanthropy works and how to make capitalism more credible .
Our Acumen Fund is to search for philanthropy , and then we 'll use it as a charity to invest in an Agile economy , we usually give people a promotion , it 's not an incentive to take care of their own questions , but they want to solve their problems and make their decisions .
Our investment cycle is about 10 to 15 to 150 years , and we 've been able to invest in other innovations and then we 're focusing on the project of change .
And I know that pattern is working .
We 've been investing in more than 50 million companies , and these companies have created hundreds of millions of political ideas and benefit from most people .
In the year 25 years , they 've brought up the service services , and the transportation sector , the housing clearance , solar power and a solar device , a lot of choice to solve their own problem .
For those who want to take care of a short - term payoff investment , it 's a hard thing to imagine , because the first goal of investing is not to make money .
We saw a lot of entrepreneurs who were going on and on the planet .
And we 'd like to end up with one part of the end of a corporate world , and the core of this movement is to re - examine the things that are really important to us .
And my dream is that we do n't just get our investment , and we invest in that pen and create more money , but there are more people who are going to get the rest of our resources and put it into the world .
Only when we 're going to celebrate those people , the world is really changing and respected .
In the last five months , I 've been working on the two opposite attitudes of the world , which appears to be in front of my front , and the other one was based on violence .
At the time I was at Panzi Springs , I had an aerial breakup of a suicide attack .
And the reason for that is that the people who are singing from one of these are in the same Islamic age , and it 's not exactly the Islamic molecule , which is not completely Muslims .
It 's not just about half the year , but it also has a lot of money , and anger and fear , of course , despair .
But in 24 hours , I spent another investment in Egypt in 13 , and he 's an extraordinary guy who is a very brilliant guy , named Craig <unk> , who has a long time .
He was born in San Francisco , and he was working in the city and they were working on the outskirts of December , he went to Pakistan .
Two years of time , he almost had no money to do any money , just with small taxes , and he was blogging to a great house called " The Battle of PH , " for a great job .
And he was a idea that he would be building a community that was built in the midst of wealthy communities , and they were introduced by the help of private capital , but he kept doing it .
He was standing on a moral platform , and he did n't get any credit for anybody .
So for two years , we spent a couple of years .
But I looked at how the moral criteria was going to be accepted .
Today , there 's about 2,000 people living in the building that he built in his building .
There was a school and a clinic , clinic .
But it 's only one .
And I asked myself , " How are you doing it ? It 's a lot of a community .
Anybody ? "
He said , " Sunitha .
It 's very difficult to do it , but the community 's leaders go together and they realize they 're just just each other .
So , from the three - dimensional spots of these three stars , the ones that are going to take the most part of this , the three of these are the ones that are going to be on the front row .
In prayer , all of this community 's community does n't have a lot of money , and they 're all sitting together to sit together . "
We 're looking at the moral leaders and the courage of our world .
We 're faced with a really serious problem , like <unk> Global warming , which is more powerful and more potent to him .
But every day , we all have choice .
We can choose a very simple path or more called " road road , " and it 's often based on some dreams , or a fear of fear or to the other .
We can also choose a more difficult road to change , beyond the road road , a path of compassion and love .
I 've been working with Brunel , Dr. Robert Full , and he 's going to get a change in it .
And he told me a very striking story about a six - year - old girl , called Christopher Kennedy , who is the first time in the Rift Valley , and she 's the New York City countryside .
And he said , six - year - olds would go to the beautiful clothing of clothing , and they were going to be able to draw a lot of their screaming and say , " She was an impostor and threatened her .
Robert Full looks at her as she 's talking to people .
And he said , " Leonardo , what do you say ? "
And she said , " I 'm not talking ! "
He finally , he said , " Oh , I really see you talk .
What are you talking about ? "
And she said , " Sir Michael , I 'm just saying I just pray . "
" What are you pray for ? "
" I swear God could forgive them because they did n't know what they were doing . " And she was six years old , and she had a lot of life .
But she also became part of the history of history , and we thought we should have a power for education .
And the last story is a young man , and he named Jack Kennedy , who 's a partner with a Acumen Fund .
We took him to one company , and the family company was in Latin America .
And at the end of the night , he said to me , " Sunitha , I 'm so privileged to think , because I think as a farmer in Africa I know how to transcend our culture .
In particular , when I was talking about women in Africa , I sometimes had the wrong mistakes , sometimes to listen to listening .
He said , " Well , I think leadership is really like a cup .
It 's a very , very beautiful time when it comes to the best , and it 's really beautiful , the green , it 's going to be the top of the world .
But the seasons that are going to be able to tell you is that there is a certain amount of gratitude , and a humility , and a property of the land . "
We need leaders .
We need to be a leader for leaders , and we need the courage to believe that we can transform the beliefs of our lives , the women , women and children .
And we also need a humility , and we have to realize that our power is not going to do this .
Robert Full said , " Only one of those people can influence history , but we can change every single step of it .
And that 's what happens when the history develops . "
Our lives are so short - like , we can live in this planet , and we have what we 've got .
And hope you can do every one of your own lives .
And it may not be easy , but it 's just the same life that 's going to happen .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/scott_kim_takes_apart_the_art_of_puzzles.html
It could be one of the most famous faces in the world , but if you know it 's a writer , it looks like the writer 's writers look like this , and Nathan Myhrvold thinks that there 's all kinds of images to analyze the reality of how he works .
art , demo , design , entertainment , history , short talk , technology
<unk>
Jonathan Drori on a realistic face
Namaste . Good morning .
Let 's take a look at the great Depression of aviation .
We had a long time for him , but his drawings , his invention , wrote his writing .
But we did n't know what the spike was .
For his book tens of thousands of people , but for him , people are still overwhelmed .
And even though the famous one is n't getting a lot of the art of art .
What do you think ?
Is this a face of bronze ?
Let 's look at the answer .
And Nike is a person who 's going to draw all sorts of things .
He wrote the characters , and the body structure , plants , the landscapes , architecture , all sorts of things .
But would n't it be a face of face ?
I think it 's unbelievable .
He 's a contemporary artist in his contemporary art , like you 're looking at all of these .
So the artist 's books would be a little bit of a sudden , like a few times .
Let 's try to find them out .
And I think if we look at all of his work , and we 're looking at what 's going on , we can see his face .
And so I looked at all of his paintings , 700 degrees , looking for men .
Here 's what I found about 12 .
What might it possibly be like ?
It 's just like we 're looking at what 's going on in the front , or three - to - a - three - up pieces .
So we 're following all the tricks .
And it should be a profound detail .
So we can be able to hook up with those kinds of markers .
At the same time , we know the people in the contemporary World Trade Center as well as Rachel Carson , even though it might be .
So we went along with these things like this .
Now let 's take a look at this -- there 's a three - legged arrangement .
So these are three .
Indeed , the older painters are one of them , and the famous one is in the same way .
The last one is the only man named Friedrich Engelbart .
And before we start studying these face , I should try to explain what I 'm going to show up here .
I 'm going to go over 12,000 characters , and I 'm doing it for all the newspapers , 300 years , 30 years -- I want to say , only 30 million years .
But the picture was taken out of the spine , and there was a lot of takers .
So I came up with paintings and analysis .
Okay , let 's look at this readout .
You do n't want to sit well , because if we 're going to zoom in , we 'll find that they all have the same race and the nose of the hairs , the brushing of nose , its nose .
When I first noticed that it was all my eyes .
And these remixes could be so .
We 're just looking for a tractor version , but the markers are so similar .
And the question is , are they used to sequence the right time ?
The younger guys are supposed to be the first one .
And if you look at the year of these markers , you see the truth .
And they were the right time of the time .
Now , how big was the age of these markers and the older age ?
Yeah , completely consciously . He was making these symbols , followed by 38 , 11 and 19 .
In this case , what we 're doing now is a symbol of the same kind of symbol that people have been shaped by the other people , the age of <unk> and Doug Engelbart .
But how do we know the people in the Wall Street ?
We need a standard standard .
Here 's the only picture that 's been recycled .
This is the David archetype of David Harlan , who was a 15 - year - old .
And if we take a look at the top of this miniature face , the clitoris of the musicians , we 'll see the same character .
This is the graph of the puzzle , plus the identity of a pair of face connection .
Ladies and gentlemen , this story is published .
The TED audience in this room is right to the right side for the right time .
Some of the people in general came up with a dozen .
He was -- Seymour Papert .
http://www.ted.com/talks/robert_full_on_engineering_and_evolution.html
Vilayanur Michael Disorder , one of the mysteries of brain brain , is a powerful feature : the brain depends on self - organizing itself , and he 's looking at the ability to treat our skills and restore functions .
brain , computers , consciousness , education , entrepreneur , mind
<unk>
Michael Pollan on the brain 's brain
We all have this machine in our heads , and let me reminded you a letter of paper , asking you what the best thing is .
And the answer is this machine .
It 's made of change , and everything has changed .
It allows us to do something that we ca n't do today today , today impossible yesterday .
Of course , it 's a stupid time .
You know , when you see the baby -- it 's my granddaughters .
She 's great ?
Anyway , when she was born , albeit in fact , her brain has been developed a couple months in the uterus , but for any of the baby children , she 's very limited .
And if we test her ability , we 'll find that these ability are very primitive .
And it 's not exactly what 's really thinking about thinking .
In fact , it turns out that there is no evidence that the baby 's abilities have any cognitive capability .
Babies do n't react to the baby .
There 's no evidence that there are individuals in the brain .
And they can only control them in a very primitive , very limited way .
And a few months later , this baby will be able to control a little bit of movement , like a boat , and then take it back , usually to the mouth .
And a few months later , over a long time , it 's going to go back up to the legs and go down to bed up , to sit down , walk and walk , and we can walk across this amazing moment , you can go to this wonderful moment .
And yet , when we study the brain , we find very significant evolution .
By this age , the brain could actually store things .
It 's been stored , and it 's going to be tens of thousands of different objects , behaviors and things like that in the world .
And those relationships can actually be used for thousands of times .
In this age , the brain has a very tight sensory ability .
And it 's cognitive skills .
The brain is essentially a machine of thinking .
And when you go to this age , there 's no one in the brain to control it .
In fact , in this age , the brain is controlling its development .
In this age , we can see that it has a significant evolution of evolution .
Now , the ability to control movement is to evolve to a very complex form of complexity , like a kind of complex motion , such as the complex motions of this complex movement .
This boy is able to use the head floor .
He came from Brazil in Sao Paulo , and the local family had about 40 percent .
But if you go to Monterey community , you find a boy who has this capacity .
If you find one , maybe it 's from Sao Paulo .
And this suggests that our personal skills and abilities are based on the environment .
The environment continues to our modern culture , which is our brain .
Because every single one of us is to do it in individuals , and it 's built in a very specific part of our personal experience .
In fact , the typical part of humanity is this , which means that we are unique .
We all have a different approach and skill , and these skills and abilities are highly adaptable and adaptive .
And for a healthy brain , of course , we 've got a big amount of skills and abilities , and we can be able to do it consciously with memory , which is the way we 're exercising , thinking .
We as college scientists , pioneers , who are studying the problems of the animal , and we study animals , like rats , monkeys , but this amazing creature , which is a very strange creature on the planet .
And we tried to track the change at the same time , and the brain happens .
In fact , we do research in all these different species of species , which means that , by the way , from the Grand Canyon , it has always been to go back to <unk> and <unk> .
So , for example , we might study how a mouse is able to get a computer or a power , and that skill might be used in a particular way , which is that we may probably study a baby from the same skills that they can get to read the whole skills or the skills of being told .
Or we might be able to study a more sophisticated capability of communication to the ability to read the capacity of the music , or how it works in the way that music works .
In these studies , we realized that two important times of brain form .
The first most important time is usually called " Frost . "
In this period , the brain form its original form , and the basic work of it .
It 's a huge change in the brain , but it does n't have to be a very different way of learning to start the brain .
For example , in sound , you need to have sound waves .
And the brain is really completely the sound of the environment .
For example , I could buy a stuffed animal in a very non - verbal environment , and this is what I made . And I applied it through the environment and the voices of the human brain to make a difference .
And what I discovered is that the brain of this animal is running on the end of the sound , which is the ability to limit the voice to create a kind of structure that 's organized with order .
This voice does n't have to be valuable for this animal . I can let the animal grow in a hypothetical environment , like putting sound in the sound of a child 's voice .
And I can see that the brain is actually going to develop a processor for the most complex structure .
It turns out that it 's a lot of mass load , dengue fever dengue .
Or I could put this animal in a completely impossible and infinite environment .
And I can put the animals in a dynamic loop , and it 's going to be equivalent to the environment of a baby , which is going to be brought into a high - powered voice .
And when I do that , I actually actually let the brain become an essential device to do this .
And it turns out , I destroyed the capacity of the brain to make any sense .
This is happening in real childhood , in their early stages .
And these can tell , for example , in every normal form of babies , language is a part of the language .
And it also tells you a little bit about the capability of a really big amount of children , and it turns out that there are defects in the language that they have in language .
In the early stages of brain form , the brain changes not about learning .
I do n't need to focus on what I hear .
It does n't have to be meaningful .
I do n't need to be in a grid .
And the brain needs to run a different way , and in order to make a choice of choice , in this particular creature that allows you to do it with choice .
In the next matter of life , it 's a majority of the time , the brain is actually learning the same skills and the ability to make it more personalized .
In this phase , the first time in the year of life is that it 's going to die at the end of the year , actually in the brain .
And that means that the importance of the brain is what makes input signals .
It focused on one skill and a skill , and it needs a certain focus of attention .
And this is exactly whether the behavior is done , or whether you get a reward in this behavior ?
It 's actually very powerful .
It 's a very , very powerful form of brain form , and the ability to change the ability .
And that 's what we 're all really unique to .
We can detect a human brain in particular , and we can see or record or documenting this .
This is a very simple experiment .
This was actually about five years ago , and the scientist was done in the Masai university .
And this is a very simple experiment , and it 's training a monkey that allows it to learn a tool that makes a child 's learning system .
This monkey actually has actually taken over 700 times the task .
And initially , it was completely impossible to replace this mission .
It was successful about eight one .
And these are the ones that come out of .
Every time I try to try and do something important .
But this monkey continues a strategy .
It 's about 700 times after that , and it 's a song that can ring it .
And he could succeed every time he was successful in this tool .
In this case , this task is working on a perfectly perfect way , perfectly controlling control , repeat and tried .
We can study the brain of this species .
We can see the reflection of it .
We can record these shifts and change a lot of different kinds of change that can change the change .
And we can see that this is a little bit of a monkey with a paralyzed arm .
This is a brain accelerator image , and in the brain , we use a very simple experiment with a kind of very elaborate experiment , which is very detailed for neurons .
What we see here is how the brain recovers .
We actually started using this experiment .
In this sparkling area , we can see that there are two layers of blood vessels growing .
And these are the ones that are used to control the tools .
And if we look at suspension of the brain of a monkey lobes , we can see that this is actually a species of monkeys that has changed the filter of what 's going on from the skin .
In this case , the most important part of the human brain is still a single one , but a simple , simple piece of <unk> .
A monkey and we are all .
But it turns out that it 's a lot more than a lot more than the top area .
This is a monkey that gets more detailed information from the surface .
And the difference between these skills is that you do n't know if it 's no longer a sense of view or not .
In fact , in studying monkeys , the process of learning is to study a couple of different regions of the cerebral cortex .
Every area is based on skills or power to make a specific change .
For example , we 're looking at the area of a monkey cortex that 's in the field of the brain and the brain of a brain .
We 've been studying the cortex in particular regions of cortex and movements , and the behavior of the monkeys , and the behavior of the monkeys .
They were all organized . They all fit all the time .
When you learn a kind of technique like this , you have 15 or 20 cortex zones .
That 's a huge change in your brain .
It represents a change of tens of thousands of neurons in your brain , and it has changed in a way of stability .
It represents 100 or a half billion synapses in your brain .
So this is a way of building physics .
The amount of the building is huge .
Think of the same change in the children 's brain , and the change is happening .
Or in the process of doing it , it 's used in the process of using it .
These changes are huge .
determines what 's important to the brain is that it 's a matter of important things .
Because in fact , most of the time in the brain is the control control .
That 's what you notice .
It 's a bonus thing for you .
It 's the brain that thinks it 's a very important thing to do .
This is all depends on the neocortex and the gait .
And this caused one of you .
And this is also why you 're a unique part of a certain amount of skill and capacity , a brain in the physics of 100 years ago , and the brain of 1,000 years of human brain is going to be more likely to do more than 1,000 individuals .
So , this is a feature of transforming the process , and the information is always connected and connected or information .
And this is because of all kinds of things that the brain built , and the same thing is , in a very short way , and it 's in a very detailed near time , right ?
The brain shows all the information in time to drive everything .
So the most powerful environment you have in your brain is that you yourself .
There are billions of things that are happening in your personal history , and they 're all going to take you as a pathogen , or whether you 're a member or a CFO or an expert .
And as a result , you 're not going to get a little bit of a small piece of information from your body , and it turns out that it makes you feel a specific part of the body .
You 're building it over a million times .
You 're wired , and you build it in the brain .
It 's created by the brain .
And the big thing that has been built in the form of a swarm form , because every one of us has a very different history , it 's a different , different experience , and it will cause our self , personality .
We use this study not only to try to understand how the individual works , how they develop their skills and abilities , and also to change the beginning of the iterations , change or alter the capability of a child or a adults .
I 'm going to talk about using these strategies to actually design the brain into a form of structure , to adjust the kids to make the baby , and to keep your children in language , using reading .
And I 'm going to talk a little bit about that , and they actually apply the Rover . First of all , it 's going to take us to see how we lose some function .
And then , through a way of purpose , we use it to distinguish a little bit of the impact that the brain has lost .
The first example I 'm going to talk about is to study disorders .
We have a lot of data showing that in most early ways , the kids who have spoken language to read the problem , and the fundamental problem is that their language processor is an appointment form .
And the reason it 's happening is that there are accidental forms of development because the age of baby machines is the brain machine .
That 's it .
It 's a noise signal . Okay ?
And that 's a lot of reasons why .
There 's a lot of variation in the brain that might cause the brain to work more .
But the cause of noise is based on the information , from the ears .
The great friends of mine know that when we 're small , we think a child is born with an innate children .
We know that their cognitive development is going to be a little harder , and we know what they 're learning about the normal language that they learn to read .
Their vast majority of them are in the middle of the ages .
But now the point disappears , it does n't work .
Those kinds of ideas about genetic attraction disappeared disappear .
We 've never heard of it . How did this happen ?
Well , 35 years ago , a Dutch surgeon found , if you could n't get enough to solve the problem , it was when the brain was still the first shape , and it could be enough for enough , so it would n't happen .
So how do we get through surgery ?
And basically , we open up the plywood of the boat , and they 're full of liquid .
Every one of these children 's ears is a wholly neglected .
The resilience of resilience .
In this case , children are not English .
It 's not Japanese .
It was the Japanese in the Gulf of Alexandria , the Japanese Japanese .
It 's garbage .
And the brain is all there .
To the language of language destruction .
And then the kids ca n't get rid of it .
It 's not just happening in the ears .
It 's happening in the brain .
The brain itself is a kind of dynamic . It 's normal .
But some organisms can make it more porous .
And in this brain , the child is going to be damaged .
It 's not English , it 's all about English .
And this brain machine is very highly charged , and it creates a lot of abnormal , different strategies to make a difference .
We can examine the brain 's brain and record it .
Their size is bigger than the average kids , and about average , more than average children .
It 's about three times as normal children .
These kids have a chance of memory and cognitive complexity .
Of course they would have problems . Because as a language , they were going to be able to get to the language of language .
So they 're going to have a suicide read .
Because it depends on the sounds of words that will convert the word or the visual form .
And if you ca n't do it properly , it does n't make any sense .
You 're going to have an abnormal neural problem .
We 've been able to read and read the ability of language , and again , we showed that this is not a normal object .
And the key is that we can train to get rid of this problem .
You can imagine that you can actually change the ability to balance the brain 's ability .
It 's going to change the details . It takes 30 hours .
Today , we 've been inspired by 4.6 million children .
In fact , about 10,000 kids now are now getting trained .
In fact , when you look at it , it 's significant .
Let 's take a look at this .
And what we 're most interested in is the kids on the left - hand side .
It 's about 3,000 children .
You can see most of the kids on the left are moving to the middle or the right .
This is a broad measured test .
It 's sort of like a language test .
If you train every American child , then the impact is going to be the whole distribution , and the distribution is distributed .
It creates a huge effect .
Think of the kids of language skills .
Think of a kid in classrooms .
We have the possibility to move most of those children to the middle or the right .
In addition to the simple language , it would improve memory and cognitive skills , language and prestige .
And to train a very important language for students , and it 's reading .
In a big level , you can say training the brain .
In Stanford , MIT , San Francisco and Los Angeles , and his institution , we can see the changes in the brain .
The kids are doing different languages and different kinds of reading behavior , and in a lot of different kids , their neurons are trained to train complexity , but the practice is going to reach the back .
So , we can use the same way to solve aging .
In this case , the brain is putting it in consciously , and it 's the capacity of the age , as age age .
The brain is speed up .
The dynamics of learning and control are going to be limited .
In fact , we can see that in the brain of these individuals , it 's not going to be changing as well , for example , in our lexicon .
It 's a chaos - shaped arrangement of the brain , and it 's going to go back to the back time .
In order to make memory , cognitive , controlling human body and the flexibility .
And the upshot of that is that we can train the human brain , which is a small group of people , and it 's about 30 hours of training .
They were 80 to 90 years old .
We 've found that the ability to change the capacity of multiple time , and when we remember the abilities of the things , the skill of self - focused , language ability and visual ability .
And these are the general nerves of these individual factors that are more than two or less digits .
That means that if you 're in the left - hand side , I check your identity , and the normal people have moved to the middle or the distribution .
It means that most or less people , or early threats , the threat of threat is now protected .
And my point is to save a lot more , more than the older ones , because I think it 's possible for most of you , right ?
My main interest is how to use this technology to solve a technology .
I 'm particularly interested in autism and bullying , these diseases are catastrophe .
And the great problem with terror is a loss of labor , and there are other forms of dengue .
And this science of science is about how you keep yourself efficient machines .
And of course , there 's order to be organized and learning , the key to the way .
In your future , you have the brain .
It 's ready . It will be part of everyday life , in the future of the Caribbean , as if you 're now today , it 's the same one 's life .
We think that the ultimate approach of writing and science is a very powerful way to think about how to cultivate themselves .
Because you know , science tells us that you can control your own , you 're your control zone , your happiness , the ability , energy , power , potential , climate change , and you are responsible .
Of course , many people ignore this proposition .
They really understood the celebrity .
And this is another problem , and that 's what I do .
Okay . Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/burt_rutan_sees_the_future_of_space.html
When he understood that his wife had to do it at the food and the NorGen , the <unk> cry for the question of the health care problem . He looked at a question , and he looked very , very serious .
Talks
<unk>
Christopher Jurvetson : How did I start a revolution ?
And I decided to do something for my wife .
And to make me stand here , let me just get a hero and a wealth .
And the story came from when I was married .
Do you get married ? You want to be able to get your wife , right ? I 'm the same .
Kick , I found that my wife looked like this .
And I said , " What ? "
My wife replied , " Get your things . "
But I was a husband , and I wondered to her , she looked like she was looking at her .
And I do n't even want to be able to get into it .
And I realized that she had the reasons why she did this without hygiene .
And I asked her , how do you use this ?
And she said , I know there 's a couple of miles , but I do n't have a lot of money , and if we do that , we lose milk .
Now , what did I mean by her ? What would you do with the milk ?
Normally people call it the capability of choice .
So I decided to buy a lot of my wife and bought a piece of boxes to ski for her .
I walked into a shop and bought the Red Brigades .
And the owner of the man is looking at a newspaper , and dengue fever has written me , like it 's doing the same thing .
I thought , " What is he ? I 'm not going to buy a ticket . "
And I just threw on that box , and I wanted to see what there was .
I was 19 years old , and the first time I was walking .
And I 'd like to know , how many men are touched in this audience ?
Is n't that us ? Do n't we ? Right ?
I flew , and the white , did n't mean the Islands ? Oh , I 'm going to spend a lot of money . They sell a few dollars .
Why do I do a little bit of a disservice ?
So here 's the story . But where did I get to track ?
The laboratory looked like a little bit .
I need a female administrator , but I 'm in India .
There is no even in Bangalore .
So the only parent was only my wife .
And I had a reasonable job of doing this , and I said , " Well , my name is right .
" Shake the mirror , " and it 's not a bad thing , but it does n't work a little bit , not a chocolate , and it does n't work like chocolate .
Pick your eyes . "
I want to make things close .
Because it 's parents ' marriages , not the way .
And finally , she was told me that she did n't support my research .
And then I came up with other people , and I got my sisters .
Even sisters and wives , they do n't support me .
And this is why I 'm flying in India .
They 've always got a lot of women out there .
Why did n't I ?
You know , there are a lot of women who do n't have to do it , and there are a lot of women coming out .
I went looking for those medical girls .
They did n't cry . And eventually , I decided I used myself .
I feel like I 'd left the first time on the moon , and I was walking on the moon .
Or at the University of Michigan and the border , I was the first man who wore the first man in the world .
And I was wearing the animal , and the blood vessels were in the bottle , I strapped the pots and I 'd put it in my underwear , when I walked up to the door and then I checked the wind and said , " There 's a piece of wood . "
And this led me to a very , very well - designed experiment , and I 've been able to get five precious visitors , dirty , heavy days .
Oh , it was incredible .
The problem is , the factory can make a good vine .
And I used to make a good job , and I 'm doing a lot of fun with it .
And it makes me very depressed , and even not trying to get a test .
And experimentation is money .
It 's not just money for money to give me a series of problems , like a wife from wives .
Why ? Because the medical doctors .
She believes I did the experiment , and she was just a solitary officer .
Eventually , I finally learned that a particular kind of Gothic comes from the street , and even though it needs to be millions of machines , it 's a million machines to deal with these ingredients , so it does n't work .
And then I took four years to develop my own machines , a simple machine , look like this .
And this machine allows you to do anything that does n't apply to the raw material and the process of how people can do it in the building , or the world 's world .
That 's my invention .
When I invented this machine , what I did when I got a patent and invented the same thing , and he wanted to do the first thing that he would be .
I do n't do that , I put it down because I think any of the people 's lives is not going to be happy , and it 's just impossible .
A lot of people accumulate billions of times .
What 's going on ? I do philanthropy .
So why is that money going to be doing charity ?
And it starts right now .
So I brought this machine to the women in India , because there are two women who are able to afford the rest of the country , and it 's not even leaves , the dirt , it does n't have any guns .
It 's 21st century , and I decided to give you the power to make the machine a lot of poverty .
There 's a couple of these kinds of cables that are in different countries .
Now , that 's what I 've been trained to do with these commercial diseases -- and that 's what makes all the <unk> students .
A guy from Connecticut University , how does it do ?
So they invited me to go to all the Indians in India .
And the video was a video .
♫ Sobule : I asked my wife : " How do you use your wife ? "
And she said , " Well , if I had to do that , we 'd have to get rid of it . "
Why do n't they make a low cost for themselves ?
So I decided to sell this machine to give you a little bit of self - help .
This is my idea .
You know , you need millions of investment to buy equipment . Now , any woman 's woman can do it .
This video is their last week .
You want to think about it , and the commercial risks are very difficult , or if you 're summa cum Oxford , Oxford .
But I asked a woman to stay against the Rift Valley .
Seven years .
There 's 600 . What 's my task ?
I 'm going to give the women in India , in my lifetime .
And also , I 'm offering a lot of a million missions in India , in the U.S.
So this is why I do n't want to get a Ph.D.
I 'm going to do that .
If you just go to the bathroom , they do n't like you .
If you 're going to do something , your girl will move to you .
Really , I 've never left my left hand .
It 's called " retreat . "
I 'm not going to do it , I 'm not sure .
So , I 've seen a problem from a society without free society .
I offer solutions , I 'm happy .
I do n't want to do big businesses .
And I wanted to offer women that the women were using the world , and this is why I open up all the data , like a public open software .
Now about 110 countries started demanding it , right ?
I put people into three categories , not educated , educated and educated education .
A little bit of education , and the people who do this , you 're all doing something for society ?
Thank you very much . Goodbye !
1700
Judge Gartner talked about him about 32 million barrels of blood vessels , and he was only the only one , but he had to liquidate the people on the thick of the street to celebrate the headrest 's worth of ice -- and it was a dry snow on his feet .
adventure , climate change , science , sports
<unk>
Julia Sweeney : Red - dioxide Arctic
I 'm going to talk to you today about the best stories of the world , the world of the world .
My best came from my father .
My father was a storyteller .
He 's going to take a thing to tell you about it .
When I was a kid , he used to tell me a story about the first nuclear bomb trial in England .
He 's looking at it in his head .
He said , " Name a long time ago , the light was filled with his hands to protect his eyes to protect his eyes .
He also said that he even looked at the X - ray of his fingers because the light was really <unk> .
I know that the experience of the atomic bomb was a very big impact on my father .
Every Saturday , every eight years was spent in the National Park .
He did this to inspire me to protect the world , and let me see how fragile this world is .
He gave me a story of the great explorers .
He loved history . He 'll tell me how Scott Marshall Fowler was going to scare the South Antarctic , and how Jill Sobule came to the South Side .
So I was six years old , and the dreams were going to go to Michigan .
I 'd like to go pretty serious .
It 's like a magic trick to attract me .
But sometimes you have to wait for a long time .
I finally went to the last seven years ago .
And this is really beautiful , let me just get over the last seven years and see it .
I 'm not .
But I 've seen what 's going on there to tell the difference between the very short time .
And I see the polar bear , and I see the polar bear , looking for food .
I was faced with extreme ice cream .
I 'm also looking at the diameter of the ocean a year a year .
I want the world to know what 's happening there .
In the first two years , two - thirds of the Arctic Ocean , 20 percent thick ice cream .
And I took the rest of the world , and I asked them to figure out what 's happening .
So I decided to make this spoof , and in the world , in a world where it should be , unfortunately , a very rapid place .
My message is really clear : climate change is real .
And we need to act immediately .
Of course , swimming through the Arctic is not a regular thing .
And I want you to close up a little bit more than the surface of the swimming pool , which are 27 degrees C.
In the morning , the coldest temperature is 18 degrees centigrade .
The mosquito loses the weight down to the sea , and the temperature is only five degrees C.
The wild water is frozen shark .
And in the middle of the arctic , the water is only a little amount of size .
That 's really cold .
Sorry . I can just say that .
So I had to build a powerful team to help me finish this challenge .
I created a team from 10 and a half people .
Some people think that swimming is just an individual sport project , and you 're just going to get out of the ocean .
It 's not just that .
And I 'm going to start with the big training train , and it 's going to go back in Houston .
But the key thing about training is to take advantage of the challenge .
I had to imagine that I was underwater .
I had to imagine that .
I 'm going to take my mouth off the surface of my mouth .
I 'm going to see my graves , " Heidi tipping ! ♫ ♫ Sobule : Ooh ! Come hither ! Go ! Get off ! Do n't get better ! "
So I actually had hundreds of millions of dollars on my head .
And then after a year , I thought I was ready .
I self - confident , I confident .
So I went along with a blade of ice , and I was on the verge of the North Pole .
And the next day , we decided to try and figure out water , very short , five minutes .
I 've never been at risk as much as I 'm talking about pressure , because it 's impossible to train .
We stop the boat .
You go to the Houston store and I put it on the hill , and it jumped across the ocean .
It 's a feel that I 've never experienced before .
I had no breath at the time when I was breathing .
But very quickly , it 's just a couple seconds , just for a few seconds .
It 's odd , you 're in the cold water , but it feels like a kind of a mess .
I had to get across the five minutes .
I just remember to think about it quickly .
I flew into the Rift Valley .
And I remember when I got a pair of glasses , I looked at my hands , and I went out , because my fingers were very good , like Coke .
They were very good , and I had all my hands .
In this case , the main ingredient in the body is the water is going to expand when they 're frozen .
So , in fact , my fingers are filled with collapsed .
And they were running out . I was a pain of pain .
They brought me back to the bed , and let me go back to my feet .
I was standing on the front line , and I tried to see the scene at the beginning .
And I thought , two days I 'd been running across the North Pole .
I want to try to do that for 20 minutes , with a kilometer across the Arctic Ocean .
And this is a dream that I do when I was a kid and his father , and it was now going to be right now .
How could I do this ?
And I remember being told that the rest of my hand was completely overwhelmed .
And as a swim , you have to have a sense of feeling , because you need to be able to grab the water to replace the body and replace it .
And the next morning , Mr. Heifetz was completely overwhelmed by the death of the depression .
If you do n't know who he is , he 's a great U.K. director .
A few years ago , he tried to go to the countryside .
He goes down and down the ocean .
Just in the water just spent three minutes , just in water , and he finally climbed out .
But his hands had been adopted to get him back to England .
He goes to a local hospital , and there , doctors said , " Well , we ca n't keep your fingers .
We just put them down . "
You know , this is a little bit of a tool that goes into his tool to get his fingers out of his hand .
And what I 'd like to think about it was , if I had spent a couple of minutes on the board , that would be , and I was in the five minutes , so what would I want to do with it ?
And that 's the best way to get me away from this .
And the worst thing is , I never wanted to go down .
Our boat continues to the North Pole .
My friend David has seen my mind , and I said , " Derek , from your 18 years , I knew you were .
I knew that you , so I know , Louis Sweeney : You 're in your mind , you 're going to get into your ideas , you 'll get to fishing .
I do n't have faith for you , Lewis Carroll . I look at you .
You know what you 're doing .
It was really important .
Because we 've been in the history of history , and you 're here to use this synecdochically swimming , to make the world race .
♫ Lewis , you 're not going to keep up , and we do n't have to take your eyes off . "
He had the courage to get my courage , because he understood me .
So we went down and down the hill .
We stopped the boat , and the same thing as scientists did .
It 's all about surface surface .
I walked into my shop , and I flew on the board .
And then the doctor gave me a chest to measure my core temperature and <unk> .
And then we went down to the bed .
And I remember looking at the height of the manila folder , and there was a big white wind , but the ocean was completely black .
I 'd never seen black water .
It 's 3,000 meters .
And I said to myself , " Louis Sweeney : Do n't take care of it , do n't do it .
It 's going to keep up . "
I 'm going to show you a video of the ice .
Narrator : Our boat was just leaving the drums , and it was a little bit of a bad piece of paper .
You know , it 's going to be a lot of fun to do .
The first one we saw was the dawn of the polar bear .
It 's really cool .
The mothers and her are very well - known .
But think about 30 , 40 years later .
It 's a very scary thing to do .
We were going to arrive at the end of the day , and it was the moment that measured my dreams , trained , planning and planning .
Oh , there are about two hours I 'm going to die .
I 'm a little scared and excited .
Do n't you ?
There are four minutes and four minutes .
Put the fish down , put it down !
KS : Take a pair of shoes and take it off .
Spend good , chap ! You successfully succeed ! Rupert Murdoch do !
You succeed ! You succeeded .
Lewis Carroll : How do we do that ?
Narrator : Do n't you ? You 're awake .
♫ Dorothy Gartner : Thank you very much . Thank you very much .
Thank you very much .
Audience : Again !
♫ Sobule : I want to end up with the following , and I 'm going to take four months to get the perception .
But that 's worth it ? Do n't deserve it .
Now there 's only a couple of people who do n't know what 's happening .
And people asked me , " Derek , what can we do about climate change ? "
And I said , " I think we need three things .
And the first thing we need to do is we 've got to break this into a very easy problem .
In video , you see a lot of flags .
The countries that are represented in the flags of me .
Again , for climate change , every country must reduce emissions .
England , American , Japanese , Congo .
We all need to do it all .
The second thing we 're going to do is we just need to get back to the progress that we 've been looking at .
And I remember just just a few years ago , when I talked about climate change , there are people calling me back to the back .
I just came back from the Sunitha talk , and in South Africa , some of these villages were listening to a little kid .
They just sit down to the table and sit at a table , and that 's where they know the concept of climate change .
We need to believe that we should .
And that 's what it 's about .
We have a lot of progress . We do it well .
But the most important thing is that I think we need to be able to live in the end of our lives , and we ask ourselves a fundamental question .
And that 's : " What 's the world that we want to do in a world , and how do we decide what we 're all going to be in an era of sustainable world ? "
Ladies and gentlemen , thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/steven_strogatz_on_sync.html
And when the world is focused on a crisis , we 're going to show you Richard Gates , Richard Cohen , who 's published in February 2010 , and he said , " Well , what we need to do with it ? "
alternative power , energy , exploration , green , science , technology
<unk>
Richard Feiler : The end of the time of oil
And the next few minutes , we talk about energy , and , of course , it 's a very unusual talk .
I 'm going to tell you a story about energy , and I start with it .
My talk produces a lot of different aspects of energy , but from oil .
And one of the reasons is that it 's great .
With eight and a half tons of atoms using the right way , you can get a great amount of liquid , and it has tremendous energy , it 's very easy to fill a very practical product and fuel .
It 's really good stuff .
Now , we know that there 's a lot of hype around the world .
This is a map of my little hair , and I put all the oil trail .
And you can see a big one .
So , these are the distributions of oil .
This is an extremely clear idea of oil spills .
It 's about 100 million tons of mass oil , and they can continue to be developed and watered .
Now , one of the themes of oil is that we may not possibly get out of it and say , " Well , oil might be forever , because there are lots of carbon . "
But more questions about this .
By the way , if you think you 're going away from some of the oil mines , there 's a thousand meters in the world where the largest oil license is one .
If you have a chance to find me , I can offer you some data .
This is just a matter of oil oil , and a lot of it .
But what about oil ? What do you do ?
This is an aerial view of oil system , which means that oil is in this 150 years .
Now , I 'm going to tell you a little secret in the last 25 years , and the oil system is going down over the global energy system .
In the U.S. Atlantic Ocean , the oil spill is about 50 percent of the global system .
Now , oil is 35 .
And this is still down , and I believe that oil is going down .
In 2007 , the U.S. consumption may go to 12,000 , and then start down decline .
So the importance of oil is to go down and down .
It was about 25 years ago , the first time oil ever showed up , like the breakup of the Mississippi River , in the ' 50s , in 100 years ago .
Here 's a picture of a very important energy system .
What 's the last decade to replace oil ?
It starts with a lot of gas and compartments .
What 's going on in the future ?
Well , I 've plotted the future of current ice cream , even more energy , renewable energy .
Now , I 'm going to tell you about another very important thing .
I 'm not saying that global energy is not growing , it 's actually going to increase the same thing , and then another thing is to talk to me about this topic . We talk about some specific detail , but there 's a very key message in the last 200 years .
And every day , the decade later , and the last decade , even the 20th century , is very strong in the global energy system .
Now we 've developed renewable energy , and in the future , in this century , it might be 30 percent of the decade .
You think it 's going to end up here ? We 're in the paradigm of the carpet to completely replace oil -- but I think , the reality is more important than that .
And the next part -- let 's take a look at it even further .
What are the real cost of the future ?
Okay , let 's go back to Michigan . We went to Harvard .
This is a lamp .
I found it in Texas , Texas .
It 's about four million years old .
It 's just a lot of fun .
Now , this is a chalk .
And I came from M , and it was a short history of history .
Jesse 's slightly different than this . You can recognize it .
We do n't do chalk with chalk , and we 're not going to use Photoshop in a lecture .
Yes , they really are different . They do n't do it .
They 're all different , they 're the same materials , calcium carbonate .
The issue is the issue of molecules .
And if you think this is amazing , it 's really amazing .
We 're going to talk a little bit about the Highline in the Wall Street .
This is now thousands of millions of dollars per year .
By the way , you might guess , this is calcium carbonate .
It 's the same materials and this piece of chalk and the San Francisco .
But they 're completely different .
It 's better than the Cartesian , and even 3,000 times .
Why ? Because these are the nifty stars , and it 's going to be the beautiful , dark layer of wood .
Every day every day , tens of millions of dollars , thousands of interstitial materials .
This is incredible material .
However , what different ?
So molecules accumulate together .
So what does it have to do with energy ?
This is a coal plant .
The coal is just as interesting as this chalk .
Now , although we all talk about fuel , energy depletion , or a new material , the new materials of batteries are not giving us a perfect materials because nature does n't have it .
And it 's because natural nature does n't look like a spotlight , unless they 're not as important as this material is , maybe just producing this materials , and the species will make it .
So let 's think about energy in the future , imagine , in addition to Coal , we can build energy , as long as we put it to the molecule , then what would it look like ?
And that 's what I 'd like to talk about .
It never passed out .
It 's not because we 've got a lot of oil .
It 's not because we 're going to try to get to the cutting - edge Islands .
It 's because millions of years ago , people invented it , and the ideas , the innovative , technology , did n't depend on the rocks .
Instead of thinking , innovative and technology makes us leave the oil age .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/scott_kim_takes_apart_the_art_of_puzzles.html
Christopher Cesar thinks he wanted to design the world in the developing world where he was designing a perfect citizen , but when his product could n't enter the line , his team learned a very important knowledge of knowledge , and it was not an appointment .
design , health care , product design
<unk>
Christopher Sweeney : For people , not an IRA .
And I have a big idea , and this idea will change the world .
It 's great , it will surprise you .
That 's my beautiful baby .
Of course , everyone likes a cute baby .
I mean , I used to be cute .
This is me and my dad , the days I was born .
So in the other one , the lovely baby is about the equivalent of the concept .
It 's the ultimate weapons .
You 'll say , " My God , I 'm going to be a money I 'll get to buy . "
Which year , why is this year in the last year ?
What 's the problem in design and the manufacturing factory ?
Today I 'm not going to talk about a wonderful baby , and I want to discuss this kind of design that 's a little bit of an old - year - old teenage age that you 're looking at .
I 'm going to talk a little bit about research in health care .
The problem is : 40 million babies , most of the world in the developing world , died earlier , even before the elderly years before .
And it turns out that almost half of the kids , about 180 million dollars , and if you can survive , they can live on their lives , or they 're going to live their lives , or the first weeks .
So this was a recent protection room in Nepal .
And all of these are all conveyor belts that are taken in these Canadian camps -- this is the Japanese hook , which is a Japanese belt that we find in the playground .
So this is what we want .
In fact , it was a hospital in Japan , and all of a sudden he brought this device to Nepal .
The problem is that no doctors , no sports , like this kind of license .
This is what it looks like we can help .
And keep the baby 's warm , not rocket science .
So we started .
We 're working with a very advanced research system in Boston .
We have a couple of months of suspension user search studies to think about design .
Let 's see what people want .
We took advantage of the celebrities .
PH : Finally , finally .
So this is a lot of intelligent design , and there are lots of smart designs .
Narrator : This is what we want to do with a different kind of thing , and something that we want to work with .
And our idea is to inspire producers and other people to follow the ideas of doing this .
But there 's a bad news : It 's the only baby that goes into the baby 's record , and a baby is used for a kid .
So quickly spreading out .
We want design to make people see .
It finally ended up getting a lot of awards .
But it 's just like a metronome .
We wanted to be able to make the world better , but I think that the child even does n't even have a clam .
So the design of inspiration is not so -- I want to say , for us , if it 's too slow , it does n't work .
So I wanted to design it .
I 'm not like anything like that .
I wanted to make the world better .
So in our design , we 've been working on a lot of the future of user users , such as the poor family , the doctors , who have the doctor , even a doctor .
We think we 're going to take those of us and we 'll make the right thing .
And it turns out there 's a whole range of people who are involved in this product : creating , financially , financial and management .
Michael Pollan says you have to figure out who will choice , use , and for you to pay for products .
And I had to ask questions about -- and I said , " Sir , what are your businesses ? Who 's your consumer ? "
Who 's our consumer ? There 's an example .
This is a backup hospital in the hospital .
We found that he never bought any mental equipment .
And all of these are the health care decisions , or the funding investors decided to do it .
Similarly , health care teams .
They only get fish fishing .
So the upshot of this is that the fish of fish , in the middle of the country , is the class of these countries -- the wealthy disease : heart disease .
So in the lexicon , it means that design means to build and distribution design .
Well , this is really important .
Second , we used this to make the next project .
So we found out the production of production called the Personal Genome Organization , and in Vietnam , it was for Southeast Asia .
Our other partners is called " Islam . "
This is an American organization , which is funded by the poor and poor .
So they started asking us , " What do you want ? "
What do you want to solve ? "
And they said , " Well , let 's study anthropology . "
Here 's a challenge to the world .
The world affects the world two thirds of the world .
And all of a sudden , it 's about 10 percent , and if you do n't have a promotion , you end up making a lifetime of disability , or it can cause a child 's death .
There 's only one way of treatment that 's called trading Breazeal .
You can imagine , it 's more expensive and risk .
There 's a new approach to treatments .
Very advanced . Very complicated . It 's a little illusion .
PH : How much skin would you have to give the baby a little bit ?
How can this be a problem ?
So I went to MIT , OK , we 'll see .
Here 's a example of this . This is a sagittal device in the head of the United States .
This is what it really uses .
In the baby 's skull , they light a patient .
And in the U.S. hospital in America , for example , in Asia , it uses it .
The effect of treatments is about the strength of light .
The blue blue dot shows it out .
And that 's actually what 's happening in the actual world .
So these kids , in the middle of the edge , do n't get a cure of treatments .
But who would n't be trained to train ?
We see other kinds of problems like this .
And this is a map of a growing mother who can come up with their baby .
And remember , these mothers might have been a little bit more likely to do so , so she could be very serious .
Mama , Mama .
And she saw her baby light , and she looked very fragile on the blue line .
For mother , in the children , it 's a normal performance .
But it 's not very good for the effects of light .
Actually , it 's odd .
But what we 're learning about is that we 've learned nothing about users , and it 's not stupid .
There is only a bulldozer product , no keyboards .
We have to think like that .
It 's not just what we 're trying to draw out of this picture , which is actually what we actually 've made .
This is actually actually work , from design .
So how do people use it ?
Similarly , when we think about sharing our partners , they 've made a very high - tech development .
This is a warm surface and a silver ball .
These are cheap , very old ones .
They 've been using this technology to treat these techniques .
And the problem is : every doctor in the world , every hospital is looking at television -- and the E.
And what happens is they all know what a medical device should be .
They wanted to stir up , and they did n't want to work better .
It sounds crazy , silly , but in fact , what 's wrong is not the device , and it does n't look a little bit cheaper .
So , if we want people to believe that a device has to look at it .
So consider the results , the surface is important .
So we put it together .
We 're trying to make it work .
Here 's something we developed .
This is a light - shaped device that we just do n't think we 're not just projecting up on this level .
So from one point , we 're looking for those manufacturers .
Our goal is to do a product of technology , and our partner with partners can work very well .
So our goal is to understand how it works , and they have resources that they can build this product .
This is design design .
And when we think about it , you find that there is a single section of a fully stiff cable .
It 's just the next baby .
And this machine is supposed to be very robust .
And if you want to do it , you 're going to pull them out .
And that 's what we 're talking about , the wrong ones .
In other words , you have to do the best way to use it and apply it to it .
Another example : these are these mothers .
And they felt her baby looked kind of cool , and she wanted to build a rug .
So this is why we 're looking up and down .
So even though a mother came up , the baby would get a candy treatment .
And finally , I have a friend in India telling me that you do n't check a violin in Asia , and of course , if you train a piece of paper , all of the small corners of it , then on the top .
Well , you think it 's funny .
And I had a laptop in Hong Kong , and my screen had these disappeared .
And I was actually lying , and all of these are dead ants that go into my laptop and extinct the blood .
So for the sake of the celebrity , what we do is , when the electronics became hot , you have to put soda or recline , and the parachute is going to reduce the temperature for most products .
We decided we could put a " no - " - knit sign . "
But we ended up with that thing .
So the Euro was completely overwhelmed .
Some of these things are kind of like a juvenile hero , and it 's more than an ad - based design .
And so what I really wanted to do is change the world .
I have to make it very useful .
I have to do it for people who will use my device .
And so it turns out , it 's not a crime .
I had to think about Yoyo .
And I had to accept this fact : no keyboards have a vocal product .
We have to ask ourselves a question .
Are we designed for us and design products .
Are we in design design ?
Are we going to design the world ? Is n't we ready ?
I went into this business design system .
I learned if you really want to make a choice for the world , you have to design it .
And this is the design of science , it needs to be design .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sheena_iyengar_on_the_art_of_choosing.html
Antoine Predock interviewed a series of interviews in the National Academy of Science , interviewing a lot of the most exciting people , and he shows a great story of success and sharing interviews and share interviews with an interesting story .
art , history , performance , personal growth
<unk>
Kristina Schwartz : The art of 8
National Development countries are offering extraordinary American lives , extraordinary Americans .
That 's what it means .
We use them to fill the lives of these people .
So I 'm not really right here today .
I want to talk a little bit about my project , and I 've been in my lifetime .
And I was worried about a fact that there was a lot of people who lived in love , but they were very impressive , and we wanted to talk to our children .
So what do we do ?
So I came up with this new series of interviews .
It basically means that I 'm interviewed , and they 're interviewing themselves by interview .
And I 'm not going to talk about the success of this exhibition , and what I 'd like to tell you about is how you 're facing these people , you want to develop some of what they 're looking at .
I was conducting two points .
One , it should be Americans .
This is how the National Guard decided -- this is a projection of Americans .
And this is very easy , and then the decision , perhaps , is a little bit of a certain kind of age , which is that it should all be a lot of older , but I decided that the group was a senior one .
60 years old , 70 , 80 , 90 years , even 90 years old .
Clearly , for me , they 're not very old .
So why did I do this ?
First , we live in an antiangiogenic culture .
But I think we need to give up a stage for the next stage , and let 's just sit at the bathroom .
The second one is -- I get more than my older age .
And the most important thing they 're going to do is go through the iterations of the development that they tell them is a fantastic thing .
This is one of the most intelligent wisdom .
Well , it 's a good place to do it , and , of course , the bad places , but our common denominator is we 've been able to see the life of the Earth 's life .
So , we went back to life , and if we had a understanding of this , then we could talk to him about the life of the time .
And all of these Rovers have done this wonderful life that we heard today .
And then I started thinking : How can you get this effect ?
And interviewing it , we all know .
There 's a journalist interviewing , and it 's more like asking and lover .
In some sense you have to deal with the <unk> and the advertisers .
The other one is a little bit more important than who 's been in charge , and it 's a lot more important than who 's ever been in charge .
It 's a lot of people and other people who are like this .
It 's as important as the leader of the railway station , and it 's just like the importance of the celebrity .
That 's it .
But I want interviews with these nonlinear .
And I wanted to be able to go into " cross - " , " and I thought I 'd think of it as a way of thinking about what they wanted .
Remember , it 's all done in front of the front page .
This is not just a talk about history .
About 300 audience sat on the sanitarium , and I was able to draw a checkmark .
Well , I found myself very good at this .
I did n't know .
And the only reason I realized was that I was doing a interviews on William Kennedy , which was a six - monther .
He was blind , and he was n't open - ups .
It 's not very severe , but it also affects the talk and other behaviors .
And I thought he could try to rethink you , and he felt that he was able to do it , so we came up to the stage and talk about a hour about his life , a woman who came to me and said , " Where are you ? "
And I said , " I never studied it , I did n't say I was taught . "
And she said , " Well , what 's happened next ?
And when he started talking about a phrase , especially in the early stages of meetings , and then cut up the word , then you give him a word and it 's like a bridge to help him get to the end of the sentence . And then he said , " Well , he starts to say the whole sentence . "
I do n't know what 's going on , but I 'm trying to ask him to do that .
So I thought , okay , I 've seen how I know how to stand together , or " distance " and that 's the key to success .
But then I started thinking about other things .
How do you get a good interview ?
It does n't have to do it with the birthplace of the pacemaker .
Some of them are very smart , some people , and they do n't think of their wisdom , but it 's not important .
They 're the key to their own energy .
It 's the power interview and the main life .
I 'm in this case .
And this energy is not the energy of the young people .
It 's a couple of years old .
And in fact , the first guy I interviewed was George Kennedy , who was the age of the year , and he was very alive -- and I was thinking -- it was energy .
And then he came here , and he had a very special conversation .
He 's been thought to be the hardest operator , because he 's a silent man , and he does n't say anything about it , even though it 's a word or a verbal language .
But , in fact , he was actually saying , well , his energy was still in other respects .
And he was married at the age of <unk> , and so you know , he actually had a lot of life .
When I was interviewed , I got a phone phone , which was a woman .
And I did n't know who she was . And she said , " Are you helping George Street ? "
And I said , " Yeah , it looks like this . "
And she said , " I 'm the date of the old days , and I ca n't get him out . "
And then she brought me back to the end of the street to see George War II .
So you can see , you need this energy , it needs life , but you also need to make them feel that their stories are worth sharing .
The worst interview was a person who was an appointment .
Do n't interview a humility , because they 're talking about something like this , but they sit there and said , " You 're sitting there , and it 's just an accident . "
It seems like nothing has never been done to make them work .
The worst interview I did was William Frost .
He was the founder of Second Germany .
And this guy , in six months , came up with Hitler and Gandhi . Until I asked him , he said , " Oh , I 'm just there .
Nothing 's very big . "
It 's bad enough .
I never said to interview a single one .
And these people have to realize what they really do , and then they want to share those .
But it turns out that it needs you to overcome all the barriers .
We all have a bi - up and a common image , and if you get through interviews with interviews , it 's <unk> .
This is what we put together , and it 's used to fill up the side of the show .
We all know that it 's a great time to know what makes us proud , and the key thing is that we ca n't share it .
It 's not just -- maybe some of you remember the interview at the time -- interviewing a hard interview , and it does n't look a little bit like this .
But what I wanted to do is to make them tell them to say , let them put them out of the Eiffel Tower , and they 're always going to be the same time as the public character , which is the equivalent of all the time .
Let me tell you a little bit about the most brilliant and best moments in this interview .
And this is all about the heat that we 've coated on the vertical axis , for some people .
Leibniz was a great woman .
Do you know if she 's going to be a symbol of one of the ' 50s .
She did a lot of things . She was an activist .
He wrote a great vine called " Women . "
She was a courtyard , and it was the 1960s .
She was the editor of " Autumn , " a great woman in the 1960s .
And I began to call her the Red Brigades .
And she was struck by a guy who was the same as the Atari tank , and it was like the equivalent of the wasps River .
In fact , when we were at MIT , I was about a couple of dozen years ago , and the audience was in the center of this audience , sitting at the bottom of the day .
And I thought that this was supposed to be a long time , because I was going to interview a couple of days ago , and it was about 10 to 15 minutes .
At that time we do n't have to communicate , because if you 're talking about it , it 's actually really interview .
And then we talked very pleasant .
We sit here , and it 's really great .
Christopher Sweeney : A little bit of a cool arm .
She 's wearing beautiful stairs .
interview , she was about 80 years old . She was sitting there , and I started a question .
And she was very reluctant . It was unbelievable .
Any problem I asked me is that I 'm not going to get rid of it , and I was basically stuck there -- any of you know what the guy knows about it .
I was a cold , and she could n't say anything .
And I started thinking about what was going on in the next side , and I really wanted to figure out .
When we were talking , I was a audience .
But I became a member of a dedication to her audience .
And this is the problem , she 's trained to compete with me , so when I asked her a question , I do n't know what the answer is , and I ask her , " Well , what I 'm talking about about the life of a life is : " Oh , you 're not saying that I was a cup . "
A lot of people think I 'm not a writer , and I 've never been a writer . "
But I did n't ask a actors about actors , and then she went to tears and said , " Well , I 'm a writer .
And that was when I was in Northern Alabama , and I 'm going to go , " And then she goes on and said , ' I got the stage . "
And she goes to me and said , " You know what the actors do ?
They were responsible for me . " And she said , " You know what this is ? "
And I was struck by this kind of thing that she felt about her .
And I said , " I 'm learning . "
And then she looked at me , and it was like winning the competition . And , after , she finally got to tell her what the real life was .
This is a story I 've got to do . It 's a little gift I 've done with Oprah .
Again , she was a brilliant guy .
And I was not very cold , but she was holding my life , and she was holding me .
She was a little bit like her -- she was dying of a brain virus .
She could be the worst way to leave the way you could think of it .
She was in a very high pain .
We all know .
She spent her lexicon .
♫ Sobule : The customer came out . ♫ Sweeney : Yves .
Very impressive stuff .
And then in a moment , he opened up , she walked out , and she went out and was very bad .
She 's like her , her beautiful , teacher . She goes to you , and she 's going to talk to everybody , you go back to the room and it 's never seen her .
She wanted to control their final time , and she did it .
And there are some other ways that are going to be able to open up the street , and I 'll just show you a little bit of presentation .
It 's not like the word " thunder , " but it 's cluttered .
I interviewed Martin Martin . That was a long time .
We sit there , interviewing the first time , and I asked him , " The Lord " or James Heifetz , people said all the things that are bad .
Are your childhood ? "
And he looked at me , and he was like , " How would you ask this question ? "
And he looked at me and was n't stupid , and said , " What would your childhood look like ? "
And all of these are the ones , but it 's very concern . I said , " My father is very good for me , so I 'm so depressed . "
And he looked at me and started talking about his grief story .
And his father was a big <unk> , and actually , he was an unfortunate kid who had a bad childhood .
The question is : What does this happen ?
And these are really the questions that are going on , but I want to tell you what the problem is , and the question is that there are always people who are waiting for the rest of the whole issue .
I 'm going to take two examples .
The first one I did was interview for the great American passport .
His name is Christopher Martin , and some of you might know it , most of you may know .
He wrote a biography of Thomas Williams with Thomas Dolby , who was all in a lifetime , and I was asked to ask him , " Do you think he was lucky ? "
And he said , " Of course , I 'm actually , in fact , but I 've seen him , because I see all the letters . "
And that means he 's very comfortable with what 's about 50 years .
And I asked him a question .
And I said , " Did Jefferson get you ? "
Narrator : This is the winner of the chef and the biography of Heidi , and he said , " Well , I 'm going to be inspired by the South Bronx .
This is the home - based family in San Francisco .
He said , " Well , it might be . "
He said , " You know , I saw all the stuff , sometimes writer , and sometimes the real thing . "
And he was talking about Miss Smith , who said , " Well , he sees it , because he saw those letters .
And he said , " Well , I know , he says , ' I understand . "
And he said , " We like to look at the surface and see a little bit of a lot of commercial conflict that he does n't want to do . "
And he said , " You know , John Hawking 's very honest . "
And he starts talking about John Berners - Mann , and then he invited me to go to his house and I met his wife , who went from New Hampshire , the relationship between Danny and Danny Hillis .
She came from the Eastern Republic of England , and it was a very high - performance guy .
But the problem is that the most important question I asked you about , when I mentioned this , people are going to be because of my bold , or the cruelty , but it 's really a question to ask me .
The bottom is Christopher de waxed .
Christopher de Grey was one of the greatest heroes in history .
She created the USA , and she changed the U.S.
Fantastic women .
And I asked her -- by the way , I might probably sprout to her , and she 's so special -- I invite her to interview the interview .
She said , " Come on my apartment . "
She lives in New York City .
" Come here , we 'll go 15 minutes and determine if we 're going . "
So I went to the dark side of the summer Coast , and I heard her , she was lying on the bed .
And I knew that she was all about 10 years ago .
And so her life spent a lot of time in bed , but what I 'm saying is that life -- and her hair is cutting off the grass .
She did n't get to interview .
She was sitting there , she was in the book , and she thought she had the most interesting thing to do with her .
She does n't work , but she does it .
And she said , " I put it in the bed , and it 's a symbol of death , I keep constantly changing it , I think . "
She loves to love the Red Cross .
I was thinking , I had to put it in my interview .
She agreed .
She came out , and of course she was walking out of the driver .
She 's affected by a stroke , and she does it .
Of course she was ready to prepare , but she took a huge load .
And then we started talking , I asked her a unexpected question .
And I said , " Did you really feel guilty about it ? "
And the audience in this audience -- you know , they always sit down the street , and they think it 's a problem , but the problem is she 's trying to ask the question .
And then she starts talking about her childhood , and she was very beautiful , but she turned -- even though her body was a girl -- she took her to the audience and put her in a little girl , a red piece of red , followed by the Red Brigades .
And then she started talking about what she did with her face , and she could n't expect her to look at her eyes , her family was just like a little girl , she was a beautiful sisters .
And she was only the only one that she had to do , and she did some decided .
And the first thing is , even though she ca n't get dancing , dance is still a life .
Second , although she was dancing , but if she could be a good one , because it was a better thing to do .
The younger dream became really when she was really happy .
And that 's what I did to do this series of assignments .
And as a matter of moments , there are very few moments of time .
This is what 's going on in the dictionary , because every one of them is waiting for a couple of questions , so they can adjust the real self , and how they 're going to be a self - worth of self and what they are .
To his friend 's friends , especially in the elders ' elders .
Thanks very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/burt_rutan_sees_the_future_of_space.html
Based on Peter Johnson said that some of the most immediate social problems in the world could be able to go to the system , the government and the international company . In this heartfelt talk , it shows us how he has a strong impact on what 's going on in our organization .
corruption , global issues , money , politics
<unk>
Peter Shepherd : How to reveal corruption
I 'm going to talk about corruption , but I want to start with two different things coming together .
It 's a huge global economy , global economic economics , and the other one is a small and very high - tech government and it 's very , very sophisticated to the economy .
In this case , it turns out , basically , the government of entropy .
Government Knowlton reactions in a lot of different respects , such as corruption and environment , for women and children , and climate change , etc , so that , in all these areas , we really need a world that we need to do the world in the economy .
And I think compassion and the impact of corruption and corruption , which is probably the most interesting way of thinking about the notion of what the government 's thinking about a government spray .
I 'll talk about my experience .
I used to be in the center of the World Trade Center site in Nairobi , South Carolina .
And I noticed that corruption , such as the corruption of the terrorist scandal , the convergence was constantly converging to us .
So , I started working on the work of the World Bank , and our projects , our dreamed of preventing them to prevent them , but I think , we need a system that we have to do with the people that are going to be suffering from corruption to corruption .
And yet , when I was working , I got a copy of the World Bank expert , and I wrote a translator 's law that was n't allowed .
And that 's what you 're following in practice .
This is the World Trade Center banned . So , we asked you to stop you .
In that period , I 'm gathering donor meetings all over the conference , and they all have a lot of people who like to spend in Nairobi -- actually , it 's one of the most insecure cities in the world , but they like the other city to feel more uncomfortable .
In these donors , I noticed that many of the most brilliant projects are always our customers , the government , a lot of people like the North Side , first beginning .
Let me give you a example of this , a big energy project , value for 30 million , and one of the most vulnerable places in the world , Kenya is beginning .
And we looked at it all , and it did n't have an economy . He had no power . Nobody bought electric power from there . No one was interested .
Instead , we know that this project ruins the environment , destroy the winds , and these are the fences in the area like this , like the Grand Canyon and the grubs .
So , everyone knows that this is not just a useless project , but it 's a very scary , horrible project that 's going to be in the future of the world , and that the country is so much more important to get rid of a school and a hospital and the hospital , it will be more potent than the schools .
We all accepted this project . We do n't have a donor and a project to do it , but it 's the first time that the project started working .
Well , the project that we have in our donor community will give us a few year and a year , and you have to do a lot of research , but they wo n't succeed .
But the project that they do n't always know is , although they 're threatened with our economies , we have a very strong impact on the environmental environment , to get tens of thousands of families , and all of these projects are actually going to help their bank and support the community and the insurance industry , which is very , very close to the people in the United States , as well as the ones who are , like , " The Battle of the High Corporation . "
Now , these cables are our big companies .
They were the dynamic performance of the global market , as I used to talk about .
They 're the world 's powerful company , and from French , in France , U.K. , Canada , Germany , they have the content , the large corrupt corruption has the rules .
We 're not talking about five million dollars , not 100,000 , or 10,000 .
What we 're talking about is 10 , two million dollars , and they 're going on the pond to the Switzerland of Switzerland , the bank of the Reagan bank , which is the president of San Francisco and a half - legged department .
And this is what I see , and I 'm not going to tell you that I 've seen hundreds of these projects where I work in Africa .
So , I believe that this intersection is happening to the economic policy of the country , and it 's this corruption that 's going to take these countries into suffering , poverty , violence , despair .
Now , we have more than a billion people who are threatened by poverty under poverty , and we 've got over billions of people that do n't have to deal with it to be able to heal more and less , so much more of the people , the more people and the children -- and so on , women and children are going to die at the same time , because there 's a lot of corruption in the world , but the problem is that there is a tremendous amount of terror .
So why would the World Bank refused to respond to me ?
And I left the World Trade Organization , and I was able to figure out what it was .
And the reason is that the World Bank thinks it 's not a problem with trauma , like Germany .
In Germany , against Australia was allowed to be allowed .
It 's even worse .
And the vast majority of Germany , France , England , all of the most important international companies in the United States , all the most important international companies have been done .
I do n't say all , but most of it does n't have a lot of time .
And I called this one thing called government , and when I came to Germany and build this little beast in Berlin , we were told that we ca n't stop the bees because we could n't afford to get rid of the bee .
We 're going to destroy the French , the Japanese , the Japanese .
So , it turns out that it 's a moral dilemma , so the mosquito companies , or the <unk> , we 're not going to keep this kind of catastrophic loyalty to this .
This is the kind of government structure that I know , because even if it 's a powerful government , it does n't say that we can not say we 're going to spam our company in offshore .
They need help and these big companies that are in the same place .
A lot of companies do n't want to breed .
For example , a lot of Utah believe that they really are able to make a product and a race product .
They 're not going to be able to wrestle with the other international race , but they do n't have the opportunity to show their own <unk> because it 's a massive terrorist .
And what I 'd like to say is , as the government community , the civic organization of the citizens .
We have a small NGOs , " Kismet . "
So we start thinking about the way to melt out from " The Inconvenient Truth , " and we 're beginning to get the idea of collective action , which is trying to try to make different negotiations of competition , to explain , if they 're still paying dividends , we end up with a very good , short , long story , and the rest of the economy is , you know , all the other things that are really good for them .
In a meeting campaign in 1997 , funded by the economics of the economy , let all the participants change the law forever .
Thank you , I think it 's fun to do it , and we have to sit with these companies .
We 're in the Institute of Port au - Prince in Berlin and 20 , and we 're going to have a number of questions about how to deal with the problems that we 're talking about .
We have three of these meetings in the first meeting in the first meeting meeting .
One of the founding meetings came out of Gona , Jamal Engelbart , who was the first meeting of malaria , because they do n't use to interact with NGOs .
In the first meeting , they said they did n't know what they were doing . It was a practice .
That 's what other cultures have asked .
They even do it even more .
And in fact , people are still fighting this .
And there are a lot of people who do n't believe the other person has lost .
But in the second meetings , they were advised that they did n't do this , not going to happen to the other countries , like Germany , and so on .
And they were convinced that this was something .
In the last conference , in the Institute of Geology , we asked them all of the time , and the government of government , for example , wanted to participate in a decade .
And this is a source of defense power , because we can make them believe that they have to get to us .
We have a long time .
We need to spend a broader group of people .
That 's why law changed .
So this is why we have trouble with the trouble . That 's why it 's a tricky thing .
In some other countries , they do n't have the real impact .
I am , of course , civic social rights to the government .
For example , in London , at the University of Medicine , the scene of a great breakup of the Jewish terrorist , who had been trying to go to the office and tried to try and reconstruct their offices for a few years , and 10 million dollars a year , 10 years ago , to get a kind of friendly country , which is to buy one of these customers .
In this case , they did n't get the celebrities in the U.K.
Why ? Because the military thinks it 's security to the U.K.
The citizen society has pushed , trying to get a solution to the question , and in Japan , there is no control in the struggle and so on .
In Germany , we 're going to violate the progress of the United Nations , which is a leader of a sequel .
Germany does n't get a ticket .
Why ? Because it 's the equivalent of what makes punishment to justify the punishment .
In the Germany system , you do n't have an authority , but you can bribe a leader .
This is an American law that they did n't want to change this , and this is why the election ca n't get the U.N. Ocean to heal the United Nations , which is the world of the World Trade Center , but it 's a world that is a little bit of a century , a couple of countries in which we 're trying to do it in our effort .
I see my time no longer .
Let me just spool it out .
And I believe that we 've got some of the other areas of corruption that are in the same area of government .
Now , the United Nations is completely disconnected from us .
The World Bank is the leader leader of the World Trade Center to go to the countryside , and I said , " Well , the world 's most pervasive organization .
The vast majority of companies now are completely absolutely convinced that they need to do a lot of policy , and so on .
This is probably possible , because citizens have joined the company and join the government to analyze the problem , and then after that , they can fix it .
Of course , if citizens want to participate , there is enough responsibility .
It 's not all social communities are good for good .
Three dentists is a non - governmental organization .
So we have to realize that the social society is constantly changing .
They have a tremendous amount of money .
They have a high - speed management for a lot of social organization .
We also need more sophisticated social leaders .
And this is why we 've been working in DARPA school and <unk> centers , because we believe that most education , in the U.K. and European Union , is not paying attention to the power of the community , and it 's not enough to take care of it .
But from my very real experience , if citizens work hard , and with other other people , particularly with the government , government and their international institution , they 're particularly responsible for social responsibility , which is , in this socio - social community , there 's a tremendous possibility of society , to create a better world .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/al_gore_on_averting_climate_crisis.html
In Southeast Zambia , the blogging Prize in Zambia took us to the world of the third largest world , and the fourth World Department of Actor , which is the same wisdom that we put in the process of making a team that can make a film that 's going to work on a whole set of time .
Africa , creativity , culture , entertainment , film , global issues , media , technology
<unk>
Jonathan Drori on strategy
I have a story for you .
A story about Africa .
One is about hope , life and prestige .
This is Hollywood .
And then there is a word " synecdochically . "
Today we have the World Trade Organization , the world 's three - quarters of Nigeria .
In 2006 , Nigeria manufacturing about 2,000 movies .
Think about it about 40 or 50 movies in Lagos , Nigeria , South African and West African .
There 's two billion dollars of value in this industry .
It creates at least thousands of jobs .
And the industry is growing .
But notice , this is the movement of the ground .
They do n't have any government oversight , but in fact , it 's completely difficult to do it in Nigeria .
We have 15 years of history .
So you might wonder why one of the people who live in Boston will be interested in this story ?
I think I have to tell you a little bit about my life , and I think some of my own lives .
My grandfather lives in a lifetime of South Zambia , and it 's also not there .
My father spent a lot of time in East Africa .
And I was born in South Zambia .
And although I was leaving it , I really felt that Africa was a huge life in my life .
It 's the place I learned to walk .
This is where the family family bought their first house .
So when we go back to Italy , one of the most impressive things is my family 's hard to share the story of Africa .
It seems to us that the Africa of our neighbors and our friends , or a very wealthy kind of company , is there 's a lot of terror between their imagination or famine .
So we 've always been stuck with linear .
And I remember a very powerful wish , which is that Africa is a place that we 've been living on , where people have the same dreams .
So when I saw a story about the story of immigration , I know that this is a gorgeous opportunity to tell one story to the opposite .
And I 'm going to tell you a story about how Africans and I go to me and say , " This is actually inspired .
I was doing a donation to the Radio Center at Panzi Center in San Francisco .
What we see is how to change the movie , and young independent independent movies can make cost .
So when I suggested this story , I got a very strong support of this movie .
But not only supported me , I 've found two great partners , and I 'm going to start with this one .
An extremely talented CEO -- another one is my friend and mentor , and Robert Kennedy : Robert Smith , who was a guy who said , " You know , I 've been working with 25 years in Africa and I 'm not sure I 'd met a lot of fun and fun stories . "
So we went to Oxford in October 2005 .
And one of the cool directors with Bond meetings , he was here .
We 're going to show you an amazing example of migration , which is that we follow a process of presenting a piece of paper , and his movie is called " The Magic Window , " and he 's called " Thinking . "
It 's about police questions .
He had nine days taken this movie .
We think it 's a good story .
Meanwhile , we 've also recorded a lot of the filmmakers .
I do n't want to make a lot of time .
I 'm going to play six minutes .
Takes about TED at TED .
There 's a couple of themes we 've been able to show you a few themes .
I think this is a world - based world .
" The imagery of graphic " "
You can take a good movie in Nigeria .
Seven days , seven days .
Let 's take a look at the mass of the movie .
We 're not at the top of the elites and the people who live in the glass room .
They can watch " machine " and whatever they 're interested in .
And I think in Nigeria , making films , it 's a movie of survival of the industry , and they 're making a living for life .
And the more beautiful thing about Hollywood is the better news of Hollywood , because you have an enormous amount of money .
And in this case , you take a movie , and if you 're good at it , then you get the next one , because you do n't have a piece of movie and you ca n't eat the movie .
We should be able to do it .
I believe that the power of evil .
I mean 90 percent of the people watch the movie .
I think that this is the best possible possible way of using cable information .
So if you take a movie , no matter what to do with the content ?
And of course you have to report .
He needs time to treat .
I 've tried to tell people that the current problem is not a mass driver , and the quality will continue to improve .
I mean , some of the movies is to make the mass of mass quality , but first of all , you do n't want to have a single day in Africa , and the people really are the ones who are really the audience .
Narrator : An amazing business is just in the corner of this world .
Because nobody believes the pathogen could get out of Africa .
But the story of our movie is to tell people about communication .
These stories are about their , they work for them .
So every time they 're looking at these stories , they always look forward .
It 's competition , fun , interesting .
So this is a huge comedy .
You can make it happen .
We have always been taught by the International Public Film .
The movie is always looking at the center of the movie .
We can actually do that .
We can make things , as the world sees , we 'll say , wow , that 's Nigeria .
Okay , Steve Jurvetson .
It 's your own destiny .
Come on , Steve Jurvetson , go back , back .
Now you walk on the street , and you see the example .
That 's not in the movie .
You see the people who are living .
You see how he talks about it , how to live .
He 's influenced by you .
It 's not just what you see in the movie .
You 're listening to the Western medium .
Goodbye , Goodbye .
<unk>
I was obsessed with these Western Day .
But when I knew that my country was corrupt .
One young man wants to think about it , and you have to find the bad things .
And I do n't want to be that .
And then I found myself that I could have a hero who was not a crime , or a trick to lie .
With my own and God .
PH : Okay .
Okay , so we 've got to do that .
Here you go .
You move movement .
Narrator : When they made the movie , they used their equipment .
And here , we had to do it , and we wanted to think , like a sailor .
And they said , well , immediately , you see the Rover , and you ca n't see it , but we use it with a method of paper .
What I 'm about to do is take a look at my face .
And that 's why I have to use enough legs .
It 's going to be fixed .
And so on , let me take it for me .
I just told her that she had to put in the right position , and I would n't even blow my face out .
She 's a professional , and she knows what they 're doing .
But I also need to protect my face .
That 's not the last movie .
You know , it 's an academic , wonderful place .
Now you 're looking at how we make films or no other help .
<unk>
Stop .
It 's not a lot of time .
There 's a lot of themes .
I ca n't wait . I just wanted to say one thing .
And I was working with these actors , and they were able to spend a long couple of weeks , they met a Western director , like America or Europe , or in the United States .
But they always use their smile and their passion .
The German movie makes a copy of a book called " I need a movie , like you need oxygen .
And I think they 're breathing .
The introduction of Nigeria is really what they really like to do .
So the movie is very important for them , and it 's important to their audience .
One woman told me , " When I look at a coalition movie , I can adjust , really breath .
And the other thing that 's important to me is that I want to be happier today .
And it 's a technology that I 'm interested in , and I believe that the digital anatomy has a lot of cut on the film , which is a very small part of the movie .
Less than five miles across , it could buy a wonderful camera .
technology makes tremendous ideas .
Do you guess ?
We do n't have to tell Nigeria about Nigeria .
They understood and they were able to accept technology , they 're using new technology .
And I hope that it works .
And I hope that the other African countries can inspire technology to be inspired by the role of being in Nigeria , making jobs , create jobs for their own people , to make their people work , and they can give them the stories of their culture and it 's what they 're doing .
But I think that strategy is more competitive .
And I really think that strategy works .
And I 'm making people friends , they look at humanitarian , and they 're going to be like , " Oh , what we really want to do is make a little money , in a movie movie .
So I think we actually learned things from them .
One thing , I 'm going to give you a little challenge , which allows us to rethink the importance of stories .
And I think that 's the theme of this presentation .
Think about a food and shelter , and it 's the only one , no story .
There 's no story about it .
There 's no myth , no myth .
Nothing .
No novel .
It 's hard to imagine , right ? No .
So that 's what I thought .
And I think the key to a healthy society is a group of people who have a personal story , and I believe that Nigeria movie shows this .
I want you to listen to their voices .
Just a couple of weeks .
Instead of adding a sequel , it 's just from personalized sound .
It 's a matter of migration .
And if there 's a industry that allows people to put it on the face , it 's voluntary .
I 'd like to take a long time , and we do n't have a better movie , and we 'll have an old movie of Nigeria .
And of course , the basic theme of the topic .
Jesus love , sport .
But we can tell stories about the story , Nigeria , Africa .
We have a whole variety of culture , so we do n't think we can do it in our lifetime .
And I ended up with the end of the initiation film .
I 'm really hopeful that the future is going to be a lot of collaboration .
I really want it .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : Wait . I got two questions .
In fact , you 're not going to be the third largest trick in the world .
So what 's the concept of the movie ?
<unk> : Right , I 'm talking about it briefly , about 2,000 movies .
There 's a scientific data .
Are we a year per year ?
Right , 2,000 dollars per capita , zero - zero committee of censorship , Kentucky .
We know it 's more than that .
So it 's about 2,000 dollars .
Think about 45 movies a week .
And there are a lot of challenges .
The movie is worth improving , and they need to go to more specialization , but I 'm optimistic .
Nate : Does n't these work mainly in cyberspace ?
Khaled : Yes , of course , it 's important .
Think about the movie directly in the marketplace .
They sold them to the airport .
It 's a lot of money .
TK : What form ?
Narrator : The form , yes , thank you .
It 's a CD , but it 's more filling .
And they were using glue .
They do n't actually wait for the latest technology .
They came from 92 , 94 years .
Eighty - five million barrels are going to play and play chess .
Essentially , it 's a CD , compression .
Dave : Do the movie sold on the street ?
Khaled : You might meet you in Lagos , you might have a movie movie , or bananas , water , whatever .
I have to say that it 's a kind of a commodity . It 's an necessities .
Without a story .
SS : Oprah , thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sheena_iyengar_on_the_art_of_choosing.html
The architect Frank Hoffman took you to the early days of his speech -- before he was at the top of the city -- from the United States to Paris in the U.S.
architecture , collaboration , design , global issues , technology
<unk>
They were called " young Buy . "
I just start putting it on the slide .
And I 've shown that what I 'm doing with these slides is something that is very direct .
And my idea is , at least in my head , it 's kind of a model of dealing with reality .
Or I persuaded the driver , I eventually decided to tackle the problem , or I really helped them solve the problem because they normally look at it .
So look at the slide .
Can you turn it off ?
I like being in the dark .
I do n't want you to see what I 'm doing here .
Okay , I built this house in San Diego , and then I became a coma .
In fact , it turns out that it came out of a book called the top of the right .
On Venice .
And I 'm showing you this one that I want you to know about the environment .
On the right slide on the left is the city of these little buildings , and I tried to build a building in the center of the background .
And when people do this in the midst of this scene , they look very bizarre , and I think the theory is that they 're more appropriate to the inside of that space .
And once I ran around the environment , I was going to start creating a personal and tasty space , as the slides on the right .
And then I came up with the L.A. Institute in Watts , L.A.
What I 'm looking at is how to design a space design design .
We 're still working with this battle .
This building is now building now .
And on the right - hand side -- the gray structure -- it would be the end of the last street , and a little bit of it would be in the street , and this is the campus .
And these are all the way to the family and the students , and they said they 're really hungry .
They 're concerned about space for space .
So we all have the idea of creating this kind of vocabulary , and a very difficult environment in downtown land .
And my theory , or the conversation , is not the environment , and it 's about the environment .
And I tried to convince you , to calm up the buildings all over the building , regardless of the architecture of the building .
In the 1960s , I started designing furniture furniture , and some of the stuff I created was a very good thing .
We even use the floor , and the wall and everything else .
So the success of furniture made me very early .
And I 'm not going to accept the success of this , and I do n't have a sense of being a architect , so I ca n't see the furniture , so I start making no furniture .
So , nobody likes it .
And this is , in those furniture , and what I did with these furniture .
And then , after we failed , I quit .
And the one on the left is the piece of furniture that eventually eventually became the top of the right - hand side , and he was able to take a ruler to stop the rabbits to disappear .
And I put together the rest of the board , and then you can see , I realize that it 's actually sitting there and it has flexible and strong .
So , this is an accident .
I 'm interested in fish .
And I 'd like to say that I 'm very good at the tooling , and I said , " Name a million years , if you want to do it , that would be the first time to get back to the first time .
So I started making these funny stuff .
And the upshot of that is that the more the thing that they evolve , the stronger the glass of the hairs of the cheese cake .
And then I put it into this kind of thing , and all the things I learned to turn into the form of what I learned in fish and movement .
And a lot of the builders , and a accidental event -- this is what 's called a intuition , I 've been walking through a process of a building , just one idea .
I did this building in Japan .
And after a while , someone took me out to dinner with a little restaurant , and a small restaurant contracts .
And I like Japanese - Japanese and activist beef .
And then I picked up -- and I 'm going to get rid of it -- somebody has to draw me on the board .
So I 've taken a little bit of a piece of wood on the bottom of the manila folder , and something like that .
The customer says , " Why do n't you get fish ? "
So I took a picture , and I left Japan .
Three weeks later , I received a whole whole series of prints , " We won it . "
Now the problem is , the shape of fish is hard to convert because they 're beautiful -- it 's perfect -- not just in architecture or something like that .
And the party , occasionally , and told me that it 's not possible , so it makes me excited .
But he 's right -- I do n't know how to handle the tail .
So I did a good job , but the tails did n't know what to do .
Well , it 's a problem .
And the bottom one on the right is a snake , a pyramid .
I put them together and they can walk around the middle .
This is a conversation with the background .
And if you saw this picture in " The Organization of Foster , " and they did n't show the background , so you would like " Oh my God , this guy would really be very . "
But one of my friends turned four hours to find that restaurant .
They do n't find it .
So that 's okay .
In the process of organizing and technology , you 're all talking about things , and it 's really exciting to me .
It 's a matter of six months .
Our approach to delivering the board is -- we use the magic computer model in Buenos Aires , and we used some kind of Gothic model , where it scans it to scan it .
We took the fish and the NorGen .
And when we were there , everything was very good at the tails .
So I decided to turn and tail - tail .
I did this thing on the left , put me on a television Center in Heidi art .
I think this is one of the most beautiful work I 've ever done .
And then Jay Papert , my friend and his customers invited me to design the building in Los Angeles .
And because some of the reasons I do n't want to say that , it 's going to fix it .
The toxic thing , I guess , is the main reason .
So we built a dynamic architectural building -- and I 'm more excited to get into a room and put a meeting on a table .
Finally , Jay took me to my own pond , Canada Virginia .
And here 's a story -- a real story about my grandmother , who is a little girl , and she bought a dry home and put it in the bathtub , I 'm a kid .
I 'll play with fish .
And then Jim p.m. , the next day is gone .
In the night of night , we ate the Rover .
This is the internal adjustment that I did for the Red Brigades , and I made a piece of the alphabet .
He did n't buy a C , so I did it .
I found a bathtub in Toronto , and I was walking in my grandmother and then put it out of it .
This is a joke .
And I was playing with the guy with this guy .
We were a senior old .
We worked together with cooperation .
A few years ago , we had a workshop in Narok , Purple Side , called " The Oprah Album . "
Most of the images are <unk> , but these two kids are the ones who are playing their role on their tracks .
He was the messenger .
He was a member of an employee , and he was thinking , as a cartoonist , I was an operator .
The P represents the dictionary .
It 's a geomantic - knit building on the design of design design as a leader .
The bright bright light is the end .
And the beautiful thing about this is that I 've been involved in building it .
I can tell you -- it 's all about all the time .
I do n't have any relationships .
And the only thing I did was I asked the Rover to go upside down , and I would like to put it on the ground , and I love sailing on my sand . "
We make it cold water .
You know , I 've been using materials like this .
And I would like this because of curiosity , as a result , when a lot of these organizations have been built so much more resistant .
People hate Dick .
And I 'm entranced by this phenomenon , like the Jill furniture -- it 's a material like this .
And I was attracted to that .
So I do a lot of bad things , and I 'm not going to ask people to ask me .
But they allow them to use it to school at the airport .
The crop is very expensive .
It does n't matter what it means .
And then we designed a school for cancer children .
You can see , we start design .
Of course , milk does n't work .
But our ideas are constantly putting architecture together .
Like the Grand Canyon -- like a way of doing this kind of thing , these Rovers .
It looks like we 're working together .
And Jay Fowler takes me to design this building in this funny place , and I started designing these three things you get into the middle .
Jay asked me about how I did the building .
He took me .
One day I got a idea -- well -- another idea .
And I put it on the top of the freezer , and I would n't get rid of them .
And the first time that I had this telescope was incredible when he gave me this idea .
And this gives me a look at the building .
That 's how personalized the process makes the whole thing .
This is the building on the left .
I still think it 's a picture of a telescope Agile -- " This is what something is . "
I used a lot of load in my work , and I put it on my work .
And the exact opposite of my house was to make me feel a little bit frustrating about the process of design .
I said , " I ca n't get the instructions I want to get . "
And there are a lot of models that have many theories and membranes , and many artists made beautiful art and sculptures .
And I had the skin of metal because it was used for the materials of architecture .
It 's a kind of dynamic material , and it can do it as well as the ceiling .
And the wind workers , most of the time , are doing the same thing behind the ceiling .
And I had a chance to design a exhibition for the wind , and what I did to do this , in Washington , I was doing this kind of thing : they were the future of my future .
And this is a very good approach to work , and the wind is interested in the building .
I talk about this story .
It 's a communication , or at least part of the most important people to achieve architecture .
Metallic Miller is used in architecture -- <unk> Miller .
This is a Tibetan Plateau .
This is a philosophy of art that has been so many of the designers who have been there .
And it turns out it 's a very good job , but they want to have a kind of a dedication that somebody 's got to work .
So this project did n't have a village before , and you go close to the top .
It 's called the helium Falcon .
And what I use is a very small amount of light , so it bends up so much .
I spent a lot of time counting the mathematics of Richard Frost .
And everyone wanted the perfect and beautiful thing , and I tried to try and enrich them .
Turns out like a rock .
Here 's the center area .
There 's an ecologist .
And that little piece of wood is designed by the green Rouge .
It took me to do this job .
At the beginning of my job , I asked my customers to do this with me .
Because that 's what we 're talking about : design design , maybe it 's a metaphor for cities .
So the design was designed for this .
We connect through phone phone and MySpace .
He gave him his design .
He did a building block , and there was a silver ball .
And I told him , " No , it 's complicated .
I do n't want the covers . "
So he took the building more simple , but he designed a little bit of funny detail and put his architecture close .
So I decided to give him some color .
And I designed a hole for him .
So he designed the Rover bridge -- it was all about a couple of weeks of time .
And so he designed a bridge with vacuum tubes .
And then I put it on the back .
I called it " David and Gene . "
This is the restaurant of my design .
On the left , it 's the old building in Boston .
And this is a famous building under the corner , and we 've taken it down , cleaning it and repair it -- and I thought -- I think -- with the architecture of the surrounding system , which is the Open roots .
My design was a little bit mad , but I was using the beautiful materials in the last hundred years .
It 's not like the Grand Canyon , in 10 to 15 years .
This is the side of the building , and it 's designed to redesign the window at a very practical way .
This is a design that allows Boston to be surprised by helping Boston and ourselves , because the design of Boston is very useless , and they usually think of my design .
So we 're dealing with a very careful amount of detail , and we put them into the structure of the building .
In the midst of nine , I was designed to design a Hollywood nut , and I created an ad , " and then designed a building , they built this building .
And I flew this picture at night .
But they took a third of the size into my model .
And then the wind and wind , it 's a little park in the U.S.
This is a laser lab in the University of Utah , and this project appears to be the abstract image of a fish , in architecture , in architecture .
And it does n't have to do it in the lab .
The shape of fish breaks down .
I just need a couple of points .
And in the middle of the curve , this is all the product .
And the rest of the board is a glue -- so I grab this opportunity because it does n't need any glue or the cow .
This gives me an opportunity to make a sculpture .
This is a little house , somewhere in somewhere .
They got a long time , and I forget where it was .
This is in Montana , Virginia .
We go from the water to build a house and build the houses -- build the fertilizer system .
This is a prototype picture .
And the truth is , there 's this horrible building building .
And it reminded me why I 'm in such a house like this .
And when you have to make it very hard , it 's a very difficult thing to do , and things like that .
And the bottom line is , you know , this is a tunnel where you go from the outside , and you get the pictures of the right side .
Not a whole town .
I was asked to design a freaking - old airplane .
I think let me make this project right now .
This is the house in Montana , Tennessee , D.C.
They have a mantra that they have to do with design design .
But it 's not the case .
Instead , he did n't recommend me .
And we ended up doing it very well , because the root quo is what you 're supposed to build on a building that looks like the architecture of architecture ?
Otherwise this is a beautiful fractal , not look at the Gothic ?
And so on .
You know .
So we just designed it .
They were the art operator .
And the last thing that we did was that it would be pretty faint , and everything was in the side .
When you go around the building , it looks pretty open .
It was made out of metal , brown Island , which was built by the Russians of Finland .
We 're going to take college church , do n't do it .
So I tried constantly .
In this project , we realized how to deal with detail .
This is in the Lower East Side , on the left side .
Nothing 's finished .
You know , you can see the new building that we built .
And we have the opportunity to build a building in this space .
There 's a gap here .
This is here in downtown Park , and here 's the Rover .
The Highline in Port au - Prince is out there .
There 's no way of designing the design of design , but we have this idea .
And the construction industry , the building in this room , is a little bit like this , and this building is sort of like a goal .
And that 's what we 're designing with a kind of a insurance company .
We teamed it with partners , and we put it on the wall .
Steve Bush uses a joke between a C.
You go through the Houston store .
So this is a 10-year - shaped curve .
The space on the bottom is a museum , and a beautiful piece of wood to show .
It 's a lot of bad news to make a difference .
And this is a hotel .
So we 've got this kind of rating , and these new buildings are going to be able to get it to build the buildings that are built in the construction industry and the design Fox , which is design , design design .
It 's not easy to do .
And I was very comfortable with this project .
This is a little leaf in the Guardian .
So this is a very old project , and it 's about 20,000 years of grass , where I design a garden that I designed to design with a sail and a couple of struts around the top of this area , which has been built on the left - hand side of the street to make it work .
And then she found me , and I guess it was endangered or and she asked me to design this grass .
We have the key to the number of questions that we 're dealing with in the process of shifting .
JF : On the back of the wall , I put the whole building on the bridge , where you see the site in the middle of this picture , and it 's going to go into the building and put it on a shelf and the wind has created a bridge to create a green design , like a piece of steel , as a boat .
So that 's what it 's about .
It 's the customer - based demand .
She wanted to be somewhere in the parking room .
She does n't care .
And if you 're sleeping in this room , I hope my meant I 'm not running outside .
And I 'm going to use that to her , but she said , " I do n't have to do this . "
But when you 're in that bed , you feel a little bit like a blade of wood .
Very impressive space .
Narrator : And they were able to create a design system .
And on top of it , there 's a garden of the garden and the other side .
This is the slide speed .
And I do n't know how to fix it .
And watch the slide on the right .
Here it is .
On the left , my head .
Well , you enter a garden of beautiful garden .
This is a living room .
And the room is very happy .
And one of the things that was a scandal was , I had a couple of years ago .
And then you enter the room , and so forth .
This is the bed nets .
You go from the ground , and you go into the bed and then you get the hills .
In the back of this space , there are the heat behind the space .
And these are kind of like the same thing that 's been designed , and it 's a lot of work that you 've been working on in this room .
According to the materials , the building blocks and the architecture of Boston .
So our intent is to make this little amount of land across 250 feet , and it 's a way to get into the realm of the area and put it in the space and the dining room to put a space that is high in space .
I 'm not allowed to put it on the back of a house .
See , like me , I 've made a free gallery drawing .
So , my concept is that it 's part of the conversation that you can see outside the kitchen .
Eventually , it turns out that the trees are a very productive space , and it 's a kind of very fancy space .
You think it 's sort of like your own village .
This is the design theory of Michael Pollan .
We worked with him .
In San Diego , this is the building outside of California .
Here you go from the bridge , the bottom line is the other one , and here 's another bridge .
You 're very quick through these rooms and it reflects this movement .
In the back of the building , there are more people in the architecture , and it 's so much of the Los Angeles .
And this thing -- hopefully you drive the sounds of the sound , and you can hear the fences in this cluster .
Something like that .
This is what I 'm doing at the University of Healthcare Corporation , an ad office in Switzerland .
We 're very uncomfortable with architecture .
And these were early early , and the problem was they sell furniture to people , so if my design was too cute , people would say , well , their furniture was looking at their house .
So in the second phase of the three - building construction , and then we put it into the site and we design the meeting and the public space can be done very well .
Looking at interaction from the office , the dynamics of the ages was created .
This is in Paris , the Tibetan Plateau .
The Digital Millennium Atlas Film Festival is a little bit of the wind and the Tibetan Plateau .
PH : Go from San Francisco -- moving here .
The river has a new library in the river .
And in the back of this , we 've been designing a very high - powered United States where we have a bank of a company , the apartments , dance and a art museum , and there 's a piece of the art company -- it 's a very high - sea leader , like a lot of the popular bookstore , or so much -- the turf of density , as well as ...
It 's very , very nervous , and it 's a very tense ground .
And the French consequences are very , very well - like , like putting this beautiful site .
They 're not going to get the plane up .
And this thing is so hardworking to me how to stop this .
These are new models for this .
And the other kind of model I just put on this -- this is my self - shirt to draw on the drawings so that I understand the problem .
I tried to avoid it . How did I do this ?
Families .
These are my research models .
This is a terrible one on the left .
And you can see why this scheme was built , I wanted suicide .
But finally , it finally came up with the solution , and it was the same iteration of the street and the space conditioning .
And the surface , the gel , is like a kangaroo , and her niece is brought me down to the stairs .
It 's here -- the apartments and the theaters , and so forth .
And all of this will be built in France , French boards , and it 's just like this one .
And it 's one side to the city .
And so my concept is to show the dynamic of architecture .
Contrary to the other side of the Red Cross , more than that , even though I put some strings into the roof , these neighborhoods make a kind of position of action .
And this is going to be a little scientific billboard .
If you have any design for any of these ideas .
Believe me , I do n't know what to do .
Jay Papert was a guy who loved the welfare , so he hired me to design this inner city .
This is a design network .
I always told myself , this one was the last fish .
It 's kind of like a kind of cake .
I 'm not going to do it again -- I do n't want to make it .
And then I did it again .
That 's it .
But this is a living room .
This is -- I do n't know what it is .
And I added it to this because we had enough budget , and I could remove something .
This is Europe beans , and everybody and I were working together .
We have a lot of fun working together .
And I think for them , I 'm biomechanists , and I do n't know why they 're working together , but I feel very efficient .
Now far , far .
This is a healthy area .
You go to the Magic Trade Center , and you 're doing a hotel , and you 're doing it .
This is a street - up street and some dining restaurant .
Here 's a restaurant .
What I did -- because in Paris , the sky is more boring , and I designed a vertical layer of light on a train .
It 's kind of like it 's there , and they 're going to be there and then the body 's cells .
This is actually going to be folded in front of the night sky .
In Switzerland -- in fact , in the case of the year at the University of Chicago , we designed a street and a piece of furniture in a furniture museum .
And I tried -- there 's a kind of Gothic - shaped architecture , and I 'm trying to figure out a relationship to a design plant .
And I 'm not going to show you a good slide -- it 's been done -- but this building , and this one .
And when you walk through -- you see this footage that natural growth , and then the whole thing is part of the entire system .
The materials are called " The Guinness materials . "
You would wonder , if this is a museum , what would it look like ?
If it looked like this , it would n't be a little bit mad .
I 'm a little bit mad , and I 've designed it very well .
And from the outside , it 's a little bit mad .
It 's basically three square rooms and some of these things , and so on .
From the building , it looks like the mountains on the vertical axis .
I found myself up .
See , on the right - hand side of the street , the picture of the picture on the left .
So it 's perfectly quiet .
Margaret Brown .
This project is complicated .
There 's a silver ball .
And it response to love and <unk> and self - concern .
It 's not a building building , but I 'm optimistic about it to go down to the building with a relationship that we do with each other .
On the plane -- this is a concert hall , right ?
So this is the rider , like a garden .
And the ad blows the commercial dune .
This is the office , and in fact , we do n't really do design design .
Finally , this is a hotel .
And this is a kind of relationship to the construction industry , and it 's sort of a relationship with the field of relationships and in San Francisco .
We took us through the World Trade Organization , and we gave us the standard design program , which we found out of competition .
But you all like this form and its space , and this is the puzzle of competition .
You 're thinking about making your decisions .
We did a lot of research .
This is our original model .
Here 's a three - dimensional construction site in the streets of the Boston Philharmonic Hall , Boston and Berlin Brown , CBS .
You all love surfaces .
In fact , this is a very small movie , but it 's holding it as a few times as many other people , because it takes a long time .
Our clients do n't like it , and we do it as well as our new partners , who told me that this shape is appropriate , it 's appropriate .
We tried a lot of shape , and we wanted to be able to take the first step of the original process to get a way to get involved .
And finally , we decided that the ratio of the form exploded the Personal Hall , and the experts said , " Well , it 's important to say that this is really important , but we 're doing it .
So our concept is to do a very high - scale structure , and it 's just like taking a blade of material in a blender .
So here 's our concept .
And then on the corner , the wind is the weight of the body .
And the good news is that wherever you sit on the table , you give you a sense of what 's going on in the stage and create a action .
And this is not the end of the design -- it 's also the same thing that 's going on in the world , so it does n't seem to be so important .
We took advantage of these miniature devices , and they were able to look at how they looked at the design of design .
But you can learn from the halls of directors .
And the vast majority of directors are a <unk> , and it 's just the front front .
In this design , we put the whole stage on the abyss .
So it 's a very different source .
The first design of design , because it 's a little bit like a frog , so the wind blows up pretty well .
When you put it into a vector box , it 's more difficult to see how you can put this in a hotel .
And that 's my letter to Fox .
I put it on the model .
But that 's the way I work , and I 'm going to show you a little bit about the puzzle and they 're going to get a little bit of a balloon .
Obviously , it would n't look like this , but it was my crazy job .
Finally , this is in Los Angeles , and I was invited to design a sculpture that was the tallest building under L.A. Ocean .
Larry Page designed these cables .
They made me design a fish so I created a snake .
This is a public space , and I did a building like a garden , you could go inside .
It 's a half - underground chamber , and Larry 's designed some of the water on the right .
And in the lexicon , people called me designing a fish , and we 're designing the design of this building at the Institute of Design .
Narrator : The design design of the design industry has been made out of <unk> , and it 's not like the old vessels , as old as the old vessels .
So we took this into the building of this language , and then cut it into a fish that was created by a kind of Gothic - century device , which is a little bit of a century -- it 's a flower that 's actually a headrest .
We put these lines out .
And this is a physical object .
And then we cut it into a species , and we made a little bit of a trade - making .
And we used to show you a little bit about the people who were scared to the hotel , and they said , " Well , this fish would n't be a single one .
Finally , I took this design for a couple of bucks .
And I 'm not going to be able to rely on bed nets , but that 's what I 've designed to give him design .
And a little studio , unfortunately , is being sold .
<unk>
This is what I did with my son .
And he designed this little robot that could move the rest of the house , and what I did .
food does n't matter , so the restaurant was failed .
It should be the first one to be food , and it 's all about food .
It 's about the celebrities .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/paul_ewald_asks_can_we_domesticate_germs.html
David Hoffman on the back of the Cold War , sold to the University of Michigan -- " The Invention of " Ultra " and " Adorable , " which is made by Thomas Dolby and Goldstein .
future , music , performance , society
<unk>
David Hoffman on flowers "
You know , I 'd like to say a little bit like Adam and the waterfall of two and a half hundred pounds , so beautiful and strong , and so on , where you 're going to get to the age of the dinosaurs , what they 're looking at is that , you see , there 's a lot of dengue that I 've seen on the top , but you 've got to see if it 's the first time that you can see what 's going on here , if you look at the wind ,
http://www.ted.com/talks/robert_full_on_engineering_and_evolution.html
The kitchens has made a developing country about 200 million people every year , MIT engineers and shares a very simple trick : Move agricultural waste for clean water .
Featured , Steve Jurvetson , alternative energy , death , design , engineering , global issues , invention , industrial design
Two
Christopher Smith , Ron Smith and shares the vision of Legos
Say , I 'd like to talk to you about one of my favorite projects .
I think it 's what I do right now , and I 'm excited about the most simple project .
This is probably possible to influence the world .
It 's one of the most dreaded health issues in the world , and what is the biggest killer of death ? Do n't bomb disease disease ? Egypt ? malnutrition ?
It 's not , you know , attacking the kitchens , and you believe that ?
I felt quite troubled .
Are we invented more fuel supplies ?
How much better ?
Why would this problem be killed every year ?
I know that Bill Joy and you tell you that today I 'm going to talk to you about <unk> , which is the birthplace of <unk> .
This is a picture of a Haiti village , 98 percent of the village in Haiti today .
And the whole weekend was this one .
It causes all sorts of environmental problems and some other problems in Haiti .
A few years ago , Benoit Mandelbrot has dropped thousands of millions of lives , and it 's because the fisheries do n't have a lot of water .
So once it rains , the water soil is going down and down , and the water blows the river .
And the main thing here is that people do n't need fuel , and people put it on the ground .
It does n't work for the environment .
They understand the environment 's important , but they 're not .
This is not a sea supply of fossil fuels , and it 's not very good .
So it 's just like this .
You know , they saw that the trees were broken in the woods , and they would collapse out the tree .
Clearly , people have been struggling to find this power .
Four years ago , I was working with a group of students in Haiti and local families .
One volunteer was invented in his village .
So it turns out that it takes a lot of time to burn it .
But it 's a lighter .
Our students have been able to develop a little bit of a small change , and it grows over three times faster .
They were really excited .
And then they brought them back to college undergraduates .
And it turns out they ca n't burn them .
They were mad .
And if you look at it carefully , you 'll notice the American Rover is called " Frost . "
There was no way in that village .
And maybe this is a good thing to do the government , and it 's a great volunteer to take government back to the countryside , but a government community is about 800 miles across the village .
So we 're going to try to figure out a better way to create the capability of fuel .
We want this new fossil .
And the Haiti is all there .
And the top of these stars is that the rest of the bed is called " The lean . "
It does n't work , and they do n't have a lot of fun .
They 're going to put sulfur on the ground , and they put it in the air .
And we 'd like to try and reconstruct those people to make a fuel that people can use , like a pacemaker .
And the next few years , I was working with my students as well as my student .
First of all , we put it into a tank , and it 's a good thing to do , with a mosquito - plus mosquito , which is a dry mosquito .
And then we cut the Rover , and we put it into a little bit of wood , so it 's just going to take the wind off and do it to the end of the air .
But it 's not that bad , because the fibers get out of it .
So we tried to get it into a pile .
And in fact , one of my students was a student who was struggling to remember that his mom gave him a dish called " Autumn , " which is a very heavy fraction of the root apex .
So we went out and found that the Haiti was growing , and it was just called a different way .
In fact , many places in the world are there , even though B is the same thing , and the things that are going to be , you know , it 's the same plant .
You can put it on the vertical axis , and you can stick it with a layer of paper .
So we did this . We went to Haiti .
These graduate students were the students ' college School , which was , therefore , I 'm MIT to MIT , and I was a trained teacher .
So these are what we do .
Now we go to Asia to see India , India is the most common fuel fuel in India .
It 's a lot more than a Haiti problem , and you see , health problem is because it 's burning sugar or other organisms .
Kids and women change because they 're often in the kitchens .
We wanted to look at if we could introduced the previous technology .
Unfortunately , India does n't have schedules , but it 's all about us .
We 're still right .
Using this straw , with the hairs and the groom .
And the ducks is used with a small cow , and the cow is just doing fuel directly .
We 've done some interventions , and you can see the stars and the cow .
Clearly the wound is much more .
And the speed speed is fast .
So we all are happy .
But what we find is that there is no way to do it more than bed nets , and it 's going to break the heat down and down , but it 's very tricky to recline .
We 'd like to do that , and we 're going to make it a little bit more sophisticated , so that we can do it for the next 15 years .
So we go back to the Rift Valley , and we find how much helium is going to fill up the radio waves and analyze how much it 's going to fly , which is going to be a kind of recursive leap up there .
And one of my students was working on a street community in the lab , and the same community that we worked with , the same thing we 've worked on , is to keep people all together .
A few days later , we invented low - scale digitization , new products , a new product , more and more clean .
So we now have a better product than the Haiti market , which is a good situation .
Only the Haiti , every year , 3,000 trees are cut .
And this product , if you get a copy of the tree , are a bunch of trees .
In other words , it 's a new way to get a billion dollars a year .
This is a lot of money , 80 million dollars per capita bill .
So we wanted to keep it in Haiti .
And one of the interesting things about this is that I have a friend in San Francisco doing this .
And he looked at what was going on in health care and the waiter .
And he found that it would have 100 million people in the world , and it could be a great thing to do with it .
But now we can change the agricultural waste right now .
And the best thing about this is that I went to Ghana and learned about a message in Ghana .
This is not just the cool , and the technology is more simple than that , if you can imagine .
So , what 's this ? It 's made out of seed .
And the good news is that you do n't need to get a piece of paper , because the combination of water is the number of stars , and that 's what I 've been doing with a hundred dollars .
And also , I took samples for you .
And you go to each other .
It 's a good thing , and it 's going to take you immediately .
It 's a technology - based technology .
We 're going to talk about how we 've been able to train the rest of the group , and we have a little bit of irons that 's going to be made out of the vertical axis , which is made out of sterile steps .
And this is the most exciting thing I 've ever been excited about , and it 's my little regrets .
But once you 've seen , like the people in the early 2000s , I think it 's the most fundamental thing that Robert Friedman says , " It 's not a zero zero or stuff .
This is not good for health care .
And more and more , there is a lot of terror .
They can use waste trash .
It could be money .
They sold their money to sell the money they were selling .
And the cool thing is that it does n't work healthy and economic development , or the environment and the economy .
So the most exciting thing about this project is that I 'm hoping that it 's a picture of the future .
And I 'm talking about the future , and I think it 's necessary to see the world that we 're in .
I 'm not suggesting that we live in a little world .
It 's another world . In there , women spent two or three hours to survive their family .
In there , the senior construction industry is the limit , and even if you do 10 hours a day , it takes 60 dollars .
And there , women and children were doing water , 400 million hours a year .
It 's a very , very successful collection of all the workforce , all the way up to the water .
And if this is India , it 's a third of the people sitting there .
If it 's a part of Afghanistan , only one person knows how to go online .
If it 's Zambia , you have 300 farmers who have AIDS or HIV - infected .
Low - income visitors per day .
All of these problems are in front of us .
We need to train engineers , designers , marketing , entrepreneurs .
These are the questions that need to be resolved .
Some of them are really important .
One of the things that is looking for technology is to look at small finance and urbanization , and the people who live in poverty are going to have a way of doing it , not like the traditional form of building blocks and tomatoes to a host of vegetables .
Now we 've got a new new technology and new system .
In other words , we also need to develop new technologies to produce new technologies .
We also need to rethink our progress , and we 're not going to make them do n't do it , but it does n't work .
We have to think about how to fix it .
We need to provide them with community partners and tools to tackle their problems . This is the best way .
We ca n't just do it outside .
And we 're going to create the future , we 're going to start right now .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : We 'll see if we 're going to see the audience at the same time , and you can not say what you 're doing .
Amy Smith : Now we 're studying the low - cost water system , helping the community to support the water , and they know what their systems are , what they need to do .
We also are looking at the cost of cheap water systems .
So for example , using solar panels , it 's great , but we need to improve productivity .
CA : How many questions would you get ?
Do you need to hire entrepreneurs , risk capital or other help to do it ?
Amy Smith : Yes , it takes a lot of cooperation .
This is hard , because this market is very annoying , and it does n't have a productivity .
So American business is not going to be developed .
And we went , and I was a little fan of that .
So I did what we could do with me .
We have 30 students working on how to use this in this area .
In other words , these are these long - term projects that are not going to be about five or 10 years .
But I believe that we can succeed .
http://www.ted.com/talks/joshua_walters_on_being_just_crazy_enough.html
Face - up users of the users , who are very serious , and he uses a checklist to improve their lives ; they adjust their humanity to their own humanity -- and it 's a picture of what 's going on in front of this , but the game is going to lead to a very severe picture -- that if you 're not , you know , " Why do n't you get a look at the rest of that ? "
arts , community , culture , design , medical research
<unk>
Jonathan Drori : The gecko 's face
Our face is very important because it 's part of the body of human body .
We forget that it 's a feature physical .
We have striking engagement to protect our bodies , the brain .
We 're in the face of the faces , and some of our senses -- our visual , our words , we have our hearing , the smell .
And this bone is filled with light as you see the light bulb , and the soda , the <unk> , makes us the warmth of the air and cloth .
But imagine , if this is all about bone bone , our head becomes very heavy , and we wo n't get up to the head , we ca n't see the world around us .
This woman is dying because it 's completely damaged because of the skull , and her mouth is completely wiped out and nose , so she ca n't breathe .
And the idea is that the components of the skull used to fill us out of our facial cortex , which is the kind of muscle that we have in our bodies , our universal feedback system , our social signals .
And what 's called the skin is a very complex kind of three - dimensional structure -- there are all kinds of things that are going on there , and there 's a sort of wilt zone , like a sterile area and a different color zone .
Our face has a partial face .
What are we like to take care of ?
Silly . Maybe maybe in the Houston store .
And that 's because we 're drawn to the face .
But we do n't have to forget the hair .
You 're looking at the picture of your left hand -- this is a photograph of my son .
And he did n't have a picture of a pretty strange picture .
This is the defining difference .
Imagine he would have a hair that looked like a nose .
The extreme part is the fact that we see ourselves and other people to see us .
And this is an amazing fact that we can see we 're only seeing our mirror image , and we just look at these images in the picture of our own lives .
And the fact that a miracle act of this is a kind of deterministic behavior that looks like a very good person to think of themselves , and to keep it out of their surgical treadmill .
They do n't have a surgery , they need psychological gifts .
He gave him photographs of his photographs .
And he did n't have a promotion , but I 'd like to say he looked like a <unk> patient .
In other words , he looks completely normal .
The age of age is another factor that we 're dealing with .
So children self - measure , learning itself is through their behavior .
And this is a classic case : Take a positive break from her skull , and inhibits her nose and she looked at the nose . She looked up .
And you can see that the tumor has taken her eyes .
And if she made a tumor , she had her life because it was dangerous .
Our research shows the parents and the downs of people who love them .
They 're used to these kids ; they think they 're very special .
In fact , the parents are going to talk about whether they 're about to get rid of those kids .
And every one of them was going to be able to get a lot of change because they would have been so big that they could n't recognize them .
But the other adults would say something incredible .
And they would say , " How do you get this kid to take this baby ?
Do n't you do anything ? Why does n't it hurt ? "
The other kids are going to be curious about Frank , because a natural curiosity .
This is certainly , of course , to get this kid to realize that he does n't look very regular .
After surgery , everything goes into normal .
The big people are more natural , and these kids are getting better .
As a teenager -- think of your teenage age of teenagers -- and we 've gone through a whole range of times .
We 're trying to search for our identity .
We want to get the tools .
So our faces are really important for us , and we 're trying to show ourselves to the world .
Do n't remember it ? A grizzly bear can make a difference .
You spend a long time , and you look at the speed of the mirror , practice the response of your head , serious feedback , trying to look a little bit more like a kind of rabid , like I was a little kid . ♫ Sweeney : Let 's try a eyebrow . "
It was a long time to do it .
And I picked up the side side of this , like , because that 's what it can look like .
And I want you to give you a moment of what 's going on in this room , right ?
And then to the rest of the person , put your hands on the next time , and then turn to people where people are looking at them -- they look very little .
Just as everyone told Tony .
She does n't have any sense .
But you all ask her , " Why are you so happy ? "
They were always wrong with the emotional judgments .
She was a teacher and she was hooked in a school .
So she chose faces .
And then she said , " Now my face is my personalities .
People know that I 'm serious , and I am a happy guy . "
teenagers can make this change .
So what 's the change in the real world , or the raw patients ?
We were looking at the attitudes of adolescents who were blogging - controlled surgery .
We found -- we put these pictures together , so they could n't recognize what surgery was surgery after surgery -- and we found that these drugs were thought more attractive .
And this is not surprising , but we continue to keep these teenagers , smart levels , good , fear , violence .
In surgery , the mental illness was thought that they were n't very comfortable , like a lot of violence , and so on .
After surgery , the illness was thought more intelligent , more rather honest , stronger , but we did n't have their intellectual credit or personalities .
When people grow up , they do n't have to choose the surgery .
They were overwhelmed by the results of the celebrity .
They 're going to be the destruction of cancer or informally .
This is a picture of a photograph that 's taken from his face to the face of his left , and his disciples , his <unk> and the groom .
He looks good at this time .
But the next 15 years , he received 14 surgeries because the disease ruins his face and ruined my face to his faces .
And I learned a lot about it .
And they told me that I could work .
He was a wasps . He 's still running up .
And he enjoyed life , and it would be because he had a successful job of his job , a family full of family family , and he could also participate .
He 's still right .
I do n't say he fought the cancer ; he did n't .
But what 's important : he forgot it .
He neglected his head on his face , and he forgot the disease .
This is what people can do .
And it also happened to be the same thing .
This is a young woman who 's young women who had the first time because he needed to get the U.K. surgery .
This is my longest surgery .
23 hours . I 'm talking to my wife .
We took all the bones of his face on the face -- and his eyes , nose , experimented with his head , with him .
He 's going to move the work of his arms nurse .
He said , " His son was called " My son . "
And he said , " This is my son 's notebook to tell me that I think I 'm a successful man . "
He had no effect on his face because he had his family support , and he got a successful job of his job .
So we see we can change the face of these people .
But when we change the face of people , we also change their identity , and it 's good or bad ?
For example , there are two different faces .
We can do it this way .
We can say a patient 's choice for choice -- as Sunitha Dennett .
And they felt that their face was changing their lives because other people thought they were better people .
They do n't feel anything different .
But they thought they had something that they did n't know , and their faces actually reflects their personalities .
This may be a difference between the difference between these surgeries .
Because you might say , " The surgery can be considered to be the culprit . "
And if you do that , the patient does n't usually follow the way .
The patient 's patient wants to change life .
They did n't want to change life .
She just wanted to make her personalities and her personality .
There are other people who have no choice of choice .
These people have a severe face .
I 'm going to move on to the picture , and I do n't feel very comfortable with you , we 're looking at this blank slide .
But they were forced to do their faces .
And as I told you , if they had to care about their family jobs and life , they could have normal and comfortable life .
Their identity is not change .
Does it take a long time to work and focus on the business of it ?
And the experience of that is not that it 's not like this .
This is a little girl in London who 's in the face of London , and she has to never see anything that she ca n't see , but at a long time it 's going to kill her .
She took her off after she took the cancer off , and her parents had a beautiful green green cow with her hair , which she wanted to see over the world , but they would like to look at this symbol , even though they were a little Muslim .
So it 's not just the Western phenomenon .
We do it by the human face .
It starts from the polling side and his family path .
He said you could see what was the face of a sentence .
It 's a better person always thinking more about it .
When we saw Margaret Jack -- a good job .
We were willing to spend a time and he looked pretty well .
We know it 's because he 's beaten his wives , and he actually does n't have a good job .
It does n't seem to be the same as if it 's a good thing .
We talked about the gecko 's face and the impact of the static face , and in fact , we should be used from the face of the face .
We think we can act from people ' expression .
In the U.K. system , the legal system is liking that they can see whether they 're going to be able to get the truth of the truth -- the blink of the needle , the continuation of it .
So they wanted to meet people in the audience .
We told us about 10 seconds , and we can do it with a human face .
Do n't we feel very uncomfortable with this picture ? It 's true .
If our doctors , lawyer , finance , are we happy ?
We 're very uncomfortable .
But can we do that very well with facial faces and activity ?
And the truth is , there 's a five - minute processor -- it 's not just about 10 seconds , but a chair processor .
And if you have a couple of minutes , you start noticing where they 're looking at their faces , and these are the ones that are going to make you think that you might be boring and you ca n't be interested in them , because you do n't have to notice that people are particularly impressed because of their personalities .
We talked about some of the faces .
Now I 'd like to share with you a little bit of surgery that we 're doing -- and we now have a surgical surgery .
This is a picture that 's taken on the bottom of her head and the skull 's head .
You can see the picture of the surgery , and we 're very successful about her .
But not very good .
She wanted to be outside , and she wants to go to bed .
And she used to do it , and this is what we 're trying to do .
This is a horrific picture , so I put my legs on top .
This is a picture of a guy named Dorcas , a Nigerian bank , and his face was liberated with a severe breakup of the face .
He lost the car , and he had the mortgage and the teeth .
This is his expectations .
" I want to look like this . That 's what I looked like . "
Using modern technology , we use computer models .
We made a tractor model of this .
And then we had a tank .
And so we put it into the right place , and we can see a precise position .
Then we put the bones and the tissues back .
You can see that the spike is taken out of it , and it 's been put in a surgery -- we 've done this in surgery .
This patient brought the normal life .
That 's the good news .
And so , he looked at the skin as well .
This is the skin .
So the color interface , the colors , are slightly hotter .
And these are the places that we ca n't afford . And we need to take advantage of the user .
It 's a very important role to the weight of the patient 's skin .
We can replace the base structure on the bottom , but we have a limit for the tooling .
So in our medical device , these tools are very important .
But the disease will be a lot to do with the immune system .
What does this mean ?
They might be infected by infected and bigger .
It 's not a life - saving airplane -- like a heart , a liver , liver radiation -- it 's a mass arrangement of the quality of life , and the result is that , if they 're not going to say , " I 'm not talking to you about it or 15 years , but I do n't know . ♫ Sweeney : And I ca n't even know if I 've been at the same time . "
We do n't know what they 're looking at and what they 're thinking about .
Originally I first tried to try to figure out how to work with these surgeries and Rick Warren , who did research for them .
It 's not a lot of people who are willing to get to the face of somebody who wants to love , when she died .
So there are a lot of problems with faces .
So the better news is that the future is going to be a tool for organizing engineering .
So imagine , I could do a creature with a little creature .
I can put it in place .
And I can take some of the remote level , and take a little bit of view from the patient to get some stem cells and see , you know , four months later .
This is a little kid with a kid 's child .
But we have a lot of problems .
We need to solve it .
We do n't have a lot of patients to heal the patient -- this is the worst of cancers .
Our grandparents are not good enough .
In the U.K. 's face , in the U.K.
We ca n't cut orders .
We need to study research .
The best news is doctors know what we need to do .
We 've been building the help of philanthropy for a clinical trial for clinical trials to overcome the best physical practices and the future , so we ca n't be able to say , " We do n't have a good job .
Let 's take a copy . "
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sheena_iyengar_on_the_art_of_choosing.html
This talk is mentioned in 2007 , the EG conference , and the Jill 's conference is talking about a transformative change in the school , which is a change for the kids who are going to go to the workforce , with a healthy , seasonal , high - performance food .
children , economics , education , food , global issues , green
<unk>
Anna Shepherd : Take school lunch
In my opinion , school lunch is a great issue about society .
And I was a member of Berkeley Corporation , and I had a lot of money in my twin colleagues and the 17 , 17 and 17 year - olds .
And in average every day we 're going to give mosquito piles , and we 've reached two years . We do what we do to change the kids in our country .
So that 's what I want to talk about today .
Now you 're looking at a picture of the baby .
My uncle took a mall on all of schools .
And all of a sudden , everyone thought this does n't work .
Because they thought that a young child was raging , and the kids were going to go back and down , but in fact , the two things had never been seen .
When I was approaching this job , I tried to really figure out some things , like , for example , what my ideal was .
How do we do this with the relationship between the kids and the food ?
And I think it 's not just why we need to change , but we must change .
And I started to realize that we have responsibility for kids to do health , healthy food and health care , and these are the symbiotic relationships between the health .
And if we do that , the trivial thing is going to be , it 's not , you know , humans will be extinct , because we 're bringing kids to death .
So here 's my premise .
And we see that the body 's not more personalized .
And the reason for that is because of our food system , the way that we have government systems and food regulation , and the government of government is going to be able to go into the children 's way to their children , all of these things that are not healthy , they 're all on the campus .
We all want to put the romance and the senior , the beaten , to send them to school , and tell them what to teach .
And when you give kids a little bit of food , it 's a part of kids learning , and this is what the core is .
We came up with this to get rid of the mass of these agriculture .
Anyway , we 're living in a lot of people who do n't have a power decision , and what we eat is what you eat , the mosquito spray and the carpet , like the Grand Canyon .
They control the American seeds for 90 percent .
Just the majority of the company , the amount of products that they sell , and the foods of food , it 's a problem .
So , when I start thinking about these questions and thinking how to change the food of the kids , I started taking focus on this problem , which is that we should pay kids to do something .
And the first thing we need to do is to adopt the children 's food chain , which is trying to eat the local local food .
Clearly , as the fossil fuel costs , the price of the oil consumption is time to think about how we put food from 60 miles across , whether it 's going to work .
So , we communicate with our children to discuss this phenomenon , and then start having the baby 's food chain .
Now , let 's talk about organic food .
Now , most of the people do n't do organic food , but we , as a country , has to start thinking about the food and energy and the supply of your children to produce chemicals in our lexicon .
We ca n't let our kids go to pesticide , antibiotics and hormones .
We ca n't do it again .
It does n't work .
And the upshot of that is that the kids are going to be a little better .
Now I want to talk about the discussion of foie gras .
In America , 70 percent of antibiotics are used .
Enlist the antibiotics every day and other animals , and the animal protein .
70 , amazing number .
It turns out it 's disease .
We 're faced with the solution that the fishermen ca n't solve the problem , and when kids get sick , we do n't know .
It 's not just the phenomenon of medicine , but the problems of food supply .
I can talk about a good example , and America is about 12 percent of pesticide .
It means that every single one of us and our children is about five pounds , and it 's the size of our family bag , so I put it on the top of the tent and let it take it to the ground and putting it in the wind , which is what we 're going to do with the rest of your food supply , that 's why we do the same thing in our diet , the way we have to go to our foods and then our kids .
We went into the atmosphere of our food supply chain and the hormone Telecommunications and pesticides , and it was a ads for the time .
Okay , so we 're going to talk about Rachel Carson and Dean Ornish , and we know , Allan is harmful to us .
But this is the material that 's communicated in food supply .
It has to change .
We ca n't take advantage of what 's going on into what we eat , and what stuff is that we 're sending to our kids and what things are allowed to be allowed to do .
We do n't believe that their lives are our biggest benefit .
The opposite is sustainable .
That 's what I try to get people to understand .
And I want to take it to the kids -- I think it 's most important .
In this dynamic , our planet wo n't die , and kids will be able to adjust the negative impact of what 's going on .
It 's completely new .
I mean people always talk about sustainability , but we have to understand what 's going on .
In less than 200 years , it 's just a decade of time , and the percentage of our farmer is about 100 percent , until the two two percent .
Now we live in a country that 's more than a farmer than farmers , and we have 35,000 million dollars .
In average , we spent a dozen dollars in prison to get 35 dollars per year , and it costs 500 dollars a year .
It 's a matter of fact .
And then the body is more expensive .
We 're being treated with our children 's children .
And this is related to our children .
What we see is what we 're going to be thinking about .
It 's a lot of food that we have to eat .
If we continue to go out and walk down to our children , if we keep a high - food food for our kids , would we do what we 're not taught about health care , what would happen ? You know what would happen ?
What 's the impact of our health industry ?
And it turns out that our next generation of life will be more shorter than us .
The statistics of a disease show , in 2000 , a few hundred years ago , every three - year - olds -- every two of them , each of these two - American countries and the Spanish American .
And if that 's not the case , the disease centers look at that , and diabetes is in these kids .
It means 40 or five percent of roads will be in the future , and it 's going to be driven by the power of the insulin source .
What 's going to happen ?
Okay , the disease centers also said that 2,000 years ago , it might be the history of our national history and the generation of their parents .
It 's all about us giving them food .
Because eight - year - olds do n't have to move , if they decide to decide , they 'll send you to the author .
We have responsibility to decide what kids do .
But maybe it 's all about these things .
It 's about 200 billion dollars a year to spend your offspring on their offspring , and the junk that they eat .
200 billion , you can get most of the children to see 10,000 junk - food ads .
They 've got 500 dollars to spend on the junk that they value for a dollar , and advertising ads are described as a proxy , fragile food , but actually , in fact , these are the ones that are harmful to kids .
And the upshot of that is that the kids have the same food that they 're going to be in .
You all think that kids should eat even more .
And what you see here is a piece of rules , small , small .
What 's going on here is the birthplace of McDonald 's and hamburgers , and even the head of the brain , even though it 's still big . And these are what we should eat .
But why would they offer them so much ?
Why could we buy a recipe for the spacecraft and the 99 ?
And the reason is that governments are doing it in the food chain , and the cheap corn of corn and availability of our food supply , which is a very low cost , so it makes it really low .
So why I call this a great job of society .
Now when I talk to you about what I 'm doing at Berkeley , you 're going to think , " Oh , Austin , that 's a good place , in Berkeley .
Okay , so that 's what I saw two years ago .
It 's not called food .
So , this is what we 're giving us our children -- Mexico corn , coating , tar sands , the pizza , and the emperor of oranges .
And all these things are used with plastic hair , and it 's on the front page .
One one of their employees is a silver lining .
And the only thing that the kitchens is in the kitchen is that it 's an electronic device , because they 're going to build it out of the form of a form , or the way it turns out , you 're building it .
That 's what the plumbers are .
It 's all about all the wires .
Maybe you ca n't just tell you , for example , the difference between <unk> and some of some beetles .
Gets up and waned , the high - bar , plus a high quality of chocolate , has a lot of fruit and a common lunch .
And this is why the government is trying to get them into their kids .
That does n't work . You know what ? That 's impossible .
We , all of us , have to understand , is that this is , we can make it change .
Now , I do n't know if anybody in this room invented the Rover , but I can assure you , if you invented a lot of money , it would be very rich .
Who decides the chickens should survive , and the mountain vibrates , or the <unk> ?
The company did it because it was a chicken with a chicken .
They might be wondering that we 'll sell these things to kids .
Actually , tell their kids what they 're wrong with ?
Most schools bring these food to children .
And in fact , there are a lot of parents who are trying to do this .
We really need to change the whole model of food and food .
We have to teach our kids not a mountain .
The vegetables are filled with color , and it 's a tastes . You can grow in the soil , the lettuce growing on the dirt .
There 's no silent tree in the world or the wear of wear .
We have to change the way we do it .
We can do a lot of . There are many schools coming from the farm to school , and there are lots of schools to get fresh food into the campus .
Now in Berkeley , we can say that all of our food is all fresh .
We do n't supply the high quality of corn that we consume , and it does n't provide the fat and the fat of a food diet .
We do n't have to take it every day , and we do n't have to get it down to food .
It 's 25 ... I thank you . We 're 25 percent of the mass of local organic , and we 're really authentic .
This is my hands . I four morning a morning .
For kids to prepare for , because it 's my responsibility .
We ca n't continue to get the kids out of their offspring , and the chemicals are going to be a healthy community to become healthy .
You do n't want your generations to look at your next generation or step back , and I mean if they keep eating these trash foods .
If they continue to eat these harmful chemicals , they would lose the ability to think .
They 're going to be more underestimate .
Do you know ? They just get disease .
And when I came to Berkeley , I realized that people were very surprised to do what we were doing , and it was a very different way of doing it .
And I made these pieces and put them on the house with parents .
From this calendar , you can see our whole activity project .
Now , I 'm responsible for all the cooking courses in which we 're going to try to meet all the cooking courses .
This is an appointment .
It 's written by the food chain .
Do you notice that this hurts ?
In cooking class , I would teach kids to teach their kids .
In the balloon , the kids can hold all kinds of fresh prostheses .
Kids can grow Legos . Our grandchildren provide these fresh food .
And if we 're going to change these kinds of things that are very , very fragile , it 's very nutritious , and you 're talking to you at the top of cooking and the rescue class , which has to take place and classrooms .
And listen to me , you might know that I 'm not going to be very cold , and they give me a little bit of this . I do n't understand why the pyramid is so fascinating .
And from the bottom end of the base , I do n't know what you 're looking at . I design a pyramid .
You can find it in my site , using English and the two languages . It shows the vision of vision to the children .
Greg Savage and the vegetable staining of course .
We have to make this happen .
We need to get kids to know what the food is really important .
We came up with cooking meetings , and we had a curriculum in schools .
And the reason for that is that we clearly know what we 're looking at in our generation , or the <unk> , and the people who have the same four of these kids , the other one is going to be solvable in the car , but there 's a little bit of it on the TV or a <unk> .
What do children learn ? Where is our family ?
There is no way of communicating to talk about it .
Now , the kids do n't know how to talk to people .
We need to change everything .
And I 've been working with a couple of kids , and some of these kids I was working on at the beginning .
In fact , the adolescents of the science of science is a call of health care .
We have a need to make kids know , Coke and modems ca n't call your breakfast .
We need kids to know that if they 're not losing their long - term strike , it 's like a long time to lose a nuclear bomb .
There was a store in our campus built .
It 's going to be a little bit more .
You know , these are important things we can do in home , and it 's important to be teaching kids to teach kids .
These are just part of the kids who need to learn , and they need a lot of them .
Because most of us are in our professional career , we have responsibility for these kids , and the young people , the younger ones and saving the planet .
I 've been involved in private private tools .
And I worked with a group of private companies , and they were happy to work with us and do it for us , but they would like to move their businesses to campus .
And most of the schools are faced with the problem of the genocide .
Most of the schools in America spend a little more than a child in the U.S.
It 's five dollars a hour .
And most of you spend 10 dollars a hour , 15 dollars to fund tickets .
Our education system has spent a lot of money in our children 's system .
If we 're going to change the way we do it , change our children , we have to deal with it .
We see these private private teams , translations of organizing organizations and try to change the change .
In our lexicon , our spending is funded by foundations , and only only to the whole nutrients of nutrients -- and I think if I want to do it , I guess if each Laptop per Child , this is going to be able to get a lot of money .
We need to change .
We need more funding .
And , of course , it 's not only about food , and the children have some connections .
A little bit of a simple piece of wire is going to put it in lunch .
It sounds silly .
But you think , if you 're ready to take a baby for lunch , you can take lunch back to lunch and you 'll see them just going down to the next one , and it 's going to move the headrest .
It 's a little bit of a conversation , and they 're very tired .
And because kids do n't eat lunch , when you take your baby , you see them all the way .
So lunch , the only one can make the baby is the school , believe me , to sit down and eat their lunch .
We need to be educated .
We have to do it for kids .
We have to educate education .
I have 90 employees in my pocket .
There are two reasons why they should do chefs .
You know , we do n't have the money to do it .
But it does n't work very well .
We have to make these popular institutions to teach people of scientific cooking , because they do n't want to do it , and it 's because in schools and some education organizations in the schools .
We have to go to 40 minutes and most schools , and only 20 minutes , we need to choose the appropriate time .
One of the most important research shows that most schools choose to lunch the next morning at the morning .
That 's not the case .
You know , everything is absurd .
We should try to remember that , at least in our hearts , this is what we teach them to tell them what they should do .
And if we want to change the situation , one of the things that we 're going to do is change our way to the World Trade Game .
Instead , instead of taking the country to lunch at the top of the Cold War , I think that should be controlled by infectious disasters .
If we think of it as a health model , the way to think about diet and our children , if we go from health care to the food point , we 're not going to zoom out of the foods of food , and we do n't have irons on the trash .
And the managers talked about this , or the content , and I want to end up with some military numbers , because I think it 's necessary to make you understand this .
The national school programs spend about 80 billion dollars every year for three million children .
This is probably going to accelerate .
People ask , " Oh my God , where are we going to make a 80 billion ? "
In our country , we spent a hundred billion dollars a year in the country .
It 's about 1,000 dollars a year per year .
Our consumption of consumption is only 500 billion dollars in vegetable supply , and this is why we need so much to do it .
Every year we were dealing with diseases that were treated for obesity every year , and we had a nuclear vaccine .
2,000 dollars .
And you can understand that when we 're talking about 80 billion dollars , it 's actually not the big number .
The 80 billion dollars ended up with two dollars a second , and this is the government of a government .
And most of these are the two thirds of the two - dollar spending and the trauma .
This means that this is a cost - to - dollar ratio for lunch every day , 80 to 90 cents , and in Los Angeles , the numbers are 56 cents .
In this case , we 're paying more than 10,000 dollars .
I do n't know what your consumption is , but I 'm in San Francisco to Starbucks , and the tiger is such a restaurant , or a little bit of the wind on the pedal .
The price of a cup of coffee would be more expensive . In our schools , average week , we spent lunch more than the money we spend on our children .
You know , we should be ashamed .
We , as a country , should be a little bit embarrassed .
The world 's richest countries .
In our country , the best culinary lunch , and they 're eating clean food .
These are the kids who have mothers who are mothers and uncles , uncles who do n't even pay for their schools .
They 're more expensive than these kids .
And these kids , they need to take care of us .
We can do something .
Every single one of us can , regardless of whether we have children , whether you like kids like our kids , whatever we like or not , or give us a chance to give or niece , or whatever we can do .
Whether you sit down and your children dinner with your kids , or you take your baby and the grandkids , the bonus , and they shake up the food of food in the same way .
Just sit down and down , and the baby 's children .
And from a macro - point view , we 're in a presidential elections , and when we ask the presidential chimpanzees , let 's talk to you about a child 's health system . Thank you .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/martin_rees_asks_is_this_our_final_century.html
The path , especially at the peak of seasons , is almost a reality of all the major areas of the city , which is a real reality , and the movie is what 's going to be used for us to follow a couple of these consumers to be able to get a history of history .
cars , transportation
<unk>
Jonas Houston : How to solve the dictionary
Hey , I 'm here to talk about <unk> issues , which I mean by road trading .
The path is distributed .
Almost almost every city in the world is there , and it 's a strange thing .
I mean , if you think about it , there 's actually a lot of difference .
I mean , it 's the typical state of European urban areas that are very large , and most of these are the good ones , but they do n't have to do it .
On the other hand , there 's the historical guy .
It 's basically being built up , right ?
At any point , in the city of the urban city , the majority of systems are almost not there .
There are also maps of the world in the emerging world where the transportation station is full of diversity , and the distribution is significant , but usually the density of density .
Cars all over the world are trying to try and do a lot of different ways : the city of cities or the cities , or a large road , and a huge amount of information or more information -- and there are lots of other information , but it looks pretty good .
But there 's a common denominator .
And that 's basically what they 're trying to figure out , except to try to do what they 're supposed to do at the peak .
They 're trying to figure out what they 're supposed to do , to plan for them .
Now , a complex social system is a very difficult thing , and I 'm going to talk about a story .
Early years ago , when San Diego was in the city of London , a London city got one of the three Rovers , and the idea was called " Hello , " and I 'd like to know if the bread in London was responsible for ? "
And the guy in London said , " What does it mean ? What 's responsible for London ? "
" Oh , but there 's a man .
And I mean , it 's a very complicated system . Somebody has to get out of it . "
" No , no . No .
I mean , basically , I never thought about this problem .
It 's basically voluntary tissue . "
Rough organizations .
This is the appointment complex of self - organizing systems , and this is very , very custom .
And when you 're dealing with a social problem , most of the time , the headrest is supposed to be created .
You do n't have to design small , you know , people know how to cope with new structures .
Now let 's take a look at how this is going to help us solve a problem .
This is my map , Stockholm .
Now tonight is a senior urban city , about two million people , and at the same time , the city is the cities , all the way up and down , in the history of history .
The red color shows the most frequent of the bridge , and it 's all about the direction of a bridge .
So somebody came up with this idea , not a good vine , instead of paying money , but trying to adjust the driver 's balance to the wind .
Now it 's just a little bit of a traffic ticket , and I mean , you know , I 'm going to spend a lot of time , so you do n't think that the driver does n't react to it .
You 're wrong .
Just relieving cars can take 20 percent of their cars to avoid the genocide .
You might say 20 percent , even though it 's a good number , but the other 80 percent do n't solve , right ?
Because there are 80 percent cars in the workforce .
Now , you 're wrong , because it 's a non - avian phenomenon , which means that when the wind is going to move , it starts to adjust and get faster and faster .
But luckily , the stone is the beginning .
And as long as it 's a little bit more reducing , the damage is going to be better than the imagination .
The Highline in Stockholm , in 2006 , was the first picture that was taken in the University of 2005 , which was a picture of two months taken from a typical Friday chair .
This is what 's going on , and the photos of the photographs are this .
When you run 20 percent of cars , the streets are this .
And it really changed a lot of trauma .
As I mentioned , the driver can adapt , right ?
And after a while , they go back to the ground because they 're used to charge providers .
Nope . Today , in Stockholm , there 's been a six and half and a half , basically the size of the low level .
But , you know , there 's a funny disconnect in 2007 .
And the thing about this is that it 's going to be the first time of testing the properties , and the next month starts to launch , the bottom line is obsolete in the middle of the year , which is , of course , in 2007 , of course , it 's an incredible opportunity .
I mean , it 's a very interesting experiment , and we have the opportunity to do twice .
For me , I 'm going to take two years to make a decision that the two - year - olds do , but that would make them happen .
Anyway , this is very interesting .
So , we ran track . How ?
This is the final day , and the 27th of September , you see the same street , but this is a very nice street in Chicago , the first time in Stockholm , it 's a wonderful breakup of the day .
All the cars came back , and they had to get to the driver , they were responsive .
The first day it was coming .
This is happening . So , it 's 2007 .
And this is really exciting to all these transportation images , and it 's been inspiring , but I 'm going to say the most surprising thing I 'd like to show you about today , not this .
It shows the public community to support the support of diving in front of June Square , and when this peregrine intervention is in 2006 , you 're very threatened with it .
70 percent of them are against it .
But instead of doing that , they do n't have to be more like this as a expected stimulus .
Instead , their ideas come from a certain way , and now 70 percent of the people who are going to charge the charge of charge , which means , let me repeat the rest of this : Chicago 's population agrees to be a free thing to continue for the past , to continue to give the rest of the world to keep charge for a whole set of free , right ?
Researcher : How could this be ? Why ?
Think about who ?
I mean 20 percent of driver 's license , and they would have a little bit of denial .
Where did they go ? If we could understand this , maybe we would figure out why people were right .
So we did this big piece of paper , and to try to understand who they changed , where they went ?
Turns out they ca n't do it .
Do n't know why , the driver 's self - help to say that they 're actually driving .
Why ? Because the drive patterns do n't look like an electrode .
And every day , people are going to make new decisions and people and they 're all changing the world 's world , and each day they can actually do it all over the end of the day .
Even they were .
Another problem is , who changed their ideas ?
Who makes them change and why change ?
So we did another survey , trying to figure out how people change the ideas , and the people changed the idea ?
The analysis is more than half the people who think that their ideas are not changing .
They were all meant to be the permission of a suicide attack .
So , what 's happening now is that we reduce the <unk> of 20 percent , so it 's going to reduce their own behavior , and the people who lose their actions have changed their behavior and they do it .
So this is a small driver 's limit to solve complexity , and when you use it , it should n't tell people how to adapt .
It 's only going to be under the right direction .
And if you do that , people will accept this change , if they 're ready to do it .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/scott_kim_takes_apart_the_art_of_puzzles.html
The Ba - Prince Film Festival shows us a few of us in Afghanistan -- Afghanistan , the family lives , ritual and men , and the rest of the world .
arts , design , global issues , journalism , photography , storytelling
<unk>
Christopher Rick : Legos to be in Afghanistan
A couple of years ago , my Afghan journey started with the Eastern border in southern America .
I met the trees in the grandmother .
One in the middle of the romance is the 20th century , there are thousands of people who are killed or mutilated .
In the midst of chaos , I found this soul here .
I met people .
They 're listening to their own food supply .
And I kept doing it for 20 -- from Eastern Asia -- across the East Coast of Pacific Corporation .
There were more humility .
Listening to their own lives and share their food .
That 's why I go to Afghanistan .
One day I walked into the bridge and I walked into the bridge .
Nathan Myhrvold 's going forward .
And the Afghan soldier saw me very surprised even in my passports .
But he gave me a cup of tea .
And I realized he was very impressed .
And I 'm at the beginning of the journey , and the wind trucks , the waiter , went down to the bottom of the Iranian border .
I found that bright bright , and I found myself in Afghanistan .
My only weapons was my laptop and modems .
I heard the prayer of the people who were hearing -- the Muslim Muslim burden of the Taliban .
And the river of this is connected to the U.S. and until the secret of India .
It 's a trade - up of trade and prestige , and it 's a liberation of liberation .
For this country and we pretend that we know how much to protect us , we learn how to use the distant mountains and starve to hunger and then we understand how important it is .
These are people who were in the roof of Afghanistan , where Afghanistan was a decade in Afghanistan .
They were the birthplace of the girls and the Afghan Club .
About 10 years ago , what about the war ?
They 're wearing names for a company called a malignant .
And one day I saw the biggest school in Afghanistan , a woman school .
Eight , girls are learning rooms in the basement , and there are figs everywhere .
And they had a lot of love for learning .
We have a lot of people in Wall Street because we put the daughters in the middle of schools and see how many people have been killed .
And this area is very dangerous , and it 's all about the Taliban .
My goal is to take these silence , and the people who are taking a cry for a lot of retro - revenge on a very heavy - knit world that has forgotten the world of the World Trade Organization of conflict and the world .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sheryl_sandberg_why_we_have_too_few_women_leaders.html
When the OPEC Rovers understood that he had a very modest memory of cancer , he was on the Web with a group of patients , and he found a lot of treatments for his own doctors . And he said , " There 's a better thing to do with his doctor . Now he 's responsible for the rest of the patient , to understand the health of their health .
collaboration , culture , data , health care , science , technology
<unk>
Christopher <unk> : Do n't know -- the patient 's begging
We can have a wonderful thing to do with patients .
And today , you 've heard a little bit about the patient that would say , " You know , I know what the chances are , but I 'm still going to find more information .
And I wanted to define what I did for my success .
I 'm going to share with you how I almost die about four years ago , where I was thinking almost almost dead .
And then I came up with something called e - mail -- what I found in the patient 's movement .
I used to write the title of the patient , but I had the name of this movement , and I brought myself into a blog .
Having said that the word " patient , " when I started to participate in healthcare , and in the audience , I noticed that they were talking about the patient 's kind of thing to talk about people like the people who were saying not not a single person in this room .
Some of the talk today is still there .
But I 'm here to tell you that patient does n't have a word for a teddy bear .
You know , you will find a day in a hospital sitting on the hospital -- or your mother , your baby -- I see a lot of people , and they say , " I 'm totally unaware of you . "
So , when you hear about what I 'm going to talk to you about today , first of all , I 'd like to say that I 've met all the patients I met and I never met .
We 're going to get the disease to play a more positive role to help health care , in order to repair medicine .
One of my hospitals in hospitals , Michael Pollan and his colleagues , has been working on this notion that the most part of the world is , in the medical industry , is the one that 's not being used to the patients .
They started demanding it from the 1970s ' 70s .
Now I 'm going to go back to history .
In May 23rd .
I was a college freshmen , and we had the first time in the moon .
And this is the first time we 've been looking at the space from the Earth , and you 're in the world and I 'm now living in this world .
The world 's changing .
And there is no way of mediating .
This is a couple of weeks later on the moon .
Three days of music and play .
To history , here 's a picture I 'm looking at .
Yeah , the hair 's hair , flashing the eyes , are n't very common .
CNN was published in 1971 , and the Global Union published .
This is a response to the wind , and it 's a heat plant .
We think that it 's just the only thing that we 're just talking about , but one of the most important components , I 've been involved in this campaign , is a very important thing to value yourself .
The MIT forum are " Use tools . "
It mentioned how to build their house , how they grow their food , all sorts of things like this .
In 1980 , one of the doctors 's doctors ' doctor , " The Secret World of Medicine . "
And what he found is that most of the things that we do in medicine and health care is what we do .
In fact , he said that 70 percent are about 80 to 80 percent .
And he also found that when it was more severe , from health care to healthcare , dengue fever is not an open source of information .
And when the Internet appears , all of it changed . Not only because we could find information , but we can find the other people , the information information .
He invented the blog -- the patient 's word . The idea is that , you know , it 's the power of power , the ability to get a copy of the word " English . "
Clearly in this phase , he looks more than even more sophisticated than that .
Now I 'm a patient - based patient on this word .
In 2006 , I went to my doctor , and I said , " I swear to him , my shoulder spirals .
And he gave me a X - next day , and the morning , you might notice that you 've experienced health crisis .
In the morning , some of the speakers are going to tell you a little bit about what they find .
For me , I was in October of 2007 .
I was in office , and the house was on the table ; the blue hawk was filled with the wall .
And the phone was too much of my doctor .
And he said , " Well , I 've taken this in my home and look at the screen .
He said , " Well , your shoulder is no problem , but your lungs are kind of sync .
If you look at the red box , the shadow should be in that place .
For a long time , I asked him , " Do you need me to go back and test it ?
He said , " Yes , we 're going to scan a picture in your chest . "
Finally , I asked him to do something ?
He said -- think .
You go to the advice of your doctors , and you get home and your wife .
I went to do a CT scan . I had five feet .
And so we realized I had cancer .
We know it 's not a cancer .
That means that other cancers move to the lungs .
The question is , what 's the cancer ?
I did an ultrasound .
It 's like a lot of people who are flying in the stomach , and they 're going to get the ring up and down .
My wife broke me .
She 's a mosquito , so she saw a lot of treatments .
And I 'd like to say , she 's not a dog .
But what we see here is the image of the celebrity .
It 's better than that .
We looked at a big chemical tank .
It 's actually two .
It 's a long time in the front of the day . It 's sweeping the street .
There 's a long time after that , and the Rover is in a very , very small way , which is a sagittal muscle from the back , but suddenly I started looking at it .
I went back home .
Now I 've been using Google search for the Google cams , by the way in 2000 .
I go home and I know you ca n't know the details . But it does n't matter .
And I 'd like to say that I went to a medical journal , and I know , because I knew how to dry garbage .
I learned my wife 's wife .
And before she realized that I was doing something that was not good enough .
So I tried to search for a lot of mass information .
This is a matter of trust and trust , what 's the information that we can do ?
What is my body to withstand ? Where do I start ?
Cancer , a tumor , from your own self - organizing tissue .
How did this happen ?
What can the health level solve ?
And so I was able to read the health care industry in Hong Kong .
Almost all patients are <unk> .
In the course of a couple years , I knew that if I did n't like the first results I had to get my first assessment I could find .
I 'm in other sites , and even at Google search results , they 're not going to be very high .
And I 'd like to say , how about this ?
I do n't feel very uncomfortable .
I was so tired when I felt horrible , but I 'd been 19 .
I lost weight in my weight , but for me , it was a doctor telling me to do it .
I know what 's going on here .
This is a picture of a health clinic , from a drug that I ended up with .
And I have the same thing with my lungs .
In the left hand , the nose rings , and there 's another one .
I got one . My legs lost .
I fell up and down the leg , and my legs were .
There 's a piece in order to describe , and I have these other tumors as well as I start to therapy , when I started to treat my tongue .
My health depends on my tongue .
And I learned that the average was 24 weeks .
That 's bad .
And I had a leg across the campus .
And I thought , what would my mother look like in my funeral ?
I had to sit down and my daughters said , " That 's what it is .
She 's a boyfriend .
I said , I do n't want you to cry for your father because you want to be alive by the father 's father .
It 's really a big deal .
Because if you want to know why illness people were motivated to want each other , think about it .
My doctor told me a patient community community , a network of prostate cancer , has all sorts of wonderful things .
Soon they told me that malaria is a common disease .
Find a medical center .
There 's no cure , but it 's a therapy that 's going to be effective , even though it does n't work , and this approach is called a sterile renaissance .
Most hospitals do n't offer this drug , so they did n't tell the exchange of exchange .
Do n't let them tell you something else .
Well , there are four doctors in America where they give this therapy , their phone phone .
How beautiful ?
Now the situation is .
We 're here , four years later , you ca n't tell you a website .
Government approved , and American cancer , but the patient is still able to know .
That 's the power of the patient .
And the amazing thing about this is I 'm talking about where I am ?
My cancer doctors and I used to communicate , because I tried to make my speech precise .
And he said , you know , the immune line is very good at the bottom of the system , but the bacteria is your own organization , and it 's completely different .
I actually experienced a mental exercise , because I had a community community on a website , and my friend , my colleague , was actually , say , " How long is it ? "
Do you want to negotiate yourself with yourself ?
So we started .
There 's a book about how this works .
Anyway , this is how the numbers were found .
And I said , I 'm going to do it for the number of numbers of cancer , from my hospital to the site .
Do n't take care .
You see , this is immune .
It 's a wonderful two - second number , which is the place where I promised two <unk> , two months later .
And if you look at the size of the tumor , how fast it is .
It 's unbelievable .
Anybody can think of what we can do , when we learn to use it .
And the key thing is , and a year later , in this beautiful young woman , my daughters , married , I appeared in the audience .
And when she came out , she was just like I was and her . I 'm happy to tell her , I really wish my father could be here .
And that 's what we 're doing , right ?
Now I want to talk a little bit about a couple of patients , and they 're running into all the power of medicine .
This is a Japanese company in Washington , and her husband died in medical lungs , where I had to have cancer for a year .
She 's drawing a letter here , and she draws her husband in the last few weeks .
And one of the things she found was her husband 's medical record was cut out of a bench .
And she thought , if I could find a tag on a bicycle polo shirt , why not a simple way to tell each one of their nurses , every new doctor , I 'm talking to the basic situation , and my husband is right .
And so she took those of these things , and she added a nutritional label . It was like this one .
And she took this chart last year .
She was like my father 's career .
And she realized that there were a lot of people who wrote a book about the power of the patient , but you would n't hear this book in medical meetings .
The patient is so low - operated .
As I 'm beginning to tell you about it , I do n't know if there 's a number of data on the patient 's rights .
I actually talked about it a couple of years ago , giving me a ticket , because you ca n't be trusted by trust , to make it clear .
She 's listening to her data . There is a silver lining , and it starts to scare the water .
In fact , I want to take something like this .
In Twitter I recognized one person who was working in the Boston community , and he wrote a piece of paper , who wrote an operator .
It was like this .
♫ Sobule : ♫ ♫ I want to be a request for a producer , and the patient 's just like a car , but for me , you need to get me wrong , because it 's my message to my life .
Thank you very much .
Think of this , why the iPhone and the groom is going to develop a lot more than what you can get to care for your family 's medical device .
There 's a website , and I 'm going to get a little bit of that .
I 'd like to say , what do I want to know ?
You can click different parts and move it .
And I found , ah , this is the kidney , which is the Open Graph .
And I 'm going to rotate in three dimensions and say , I know now .
And it reminded me about Google Earth , and you can fly anywhere .
And I thought , why do n't I take this data to my digital scan , and I built a Google Earth and build a Google Earth ?
What did Google do ?
Here 's a Google browser .
But you can see , it 's still a Rover .
It 's not my own data .
But if you can take the data back to the back , the software develops , and it 's just like this , like the Human Genome Organization , who knows what I want to do .
The last story : This is Kevin Dennett . One of the patients came from Florida .
This is a story that 's happening in the last few weeks .
And the patient , they call themselves their blog charge -- a big problem , because they 're 40 percent of the symptoms .
It 's very hard to understand the situation of disease development .
Some doctors might think , yes , you really ca n't really get it .
But she found it through the Internet , and it scans a scan of it normally , but it could also be found .
She found that if there was no one , it was the SR71 .
So she did a scan .
In the reports of Brunel said no cancer .
It 's not what he normally does .
And she took him and read it again . She wanted to read the movie later .
She finds a CD .
He said , " Well , if you do n't want to follow my guide . "
So she found a CD - up scans , looking at all the important things .
Now she 's focused on her blog to help the better treatments .
And you can see , this is the patient 's patient , without any kind of trained training .
We are , you know , the most unhealthy than you are in medicine .
She could do this because she could get the original data .
What 's the big problem ?
Tim Berners - Lee -- the invention of a dotcom , the Internet , did a report , and he said , " The next thing is not to do it with your browser , but really really the real data .
In the end of the report , he gave all the listeners " data " right now .
Now , it 's going to be the data .
I asked you , please and I say three words , to improve medicine , let patients get patients .
Think of patients .
Think of patients .
Think of patients .
Thank you .
For all over the world , people are watching this online video , and they 're going to take you every one of you .
CA : And no , no . Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/eve_ensler_embrace_your_inner_girl.html
Now , there are 10 billion people in the world right now , and how we should help them ? Designer Paul Turner asks a bold and imaginative plan to turn on .
Africa , activism , business , development , economics , global issues , politics , poverty
280
Paul Savage : The lowest 10 billion people
Now , are we going to do this ?
The first 10 billion people have been saying , " There are still a hundred million people in the world right now , and they are the same economic situation that they have in our world , so they 're going to get us out of their world .
So the question is : Can we do it ?
Form : How should we give the power to the individual ?
And this is , for me , to understand the main area of the developing world .
And I 'm going to be teaching you a little bit about this , which is the combination of these two positive forces , and they 're a member of pity and the heart of the <unk> .
Stewart Personally , which is because there are a hundred billion people in the world right now .
That 's what we 've seen .
And the third one of the hairs , if it 's not sustainable , is the other one that 's going to be the next 40 years to the global community to become the next generation .
We need to worry about power and power , and we 're going to have to do it .
This is going to change the world .
So , what does it mean for a billion people ?
What do we actually do ?
So this is a good start , what did we do ? How did the world work ?
So this is a good comment , and , of course , you need to go back a long time to get this clue .
And this is happening in the 20th century , and the world is serious about a different area .
And the world is , you know , the U.S. , and you need to develop places where we , Europe .
That 's Europe after World War II .
So why is America really serious ?
It 's not just about compassion , but it 's true .
Because you know that you have to do this , in the late ' 50s and ' 60s , and so you can just do this .
Europe needs a new development of development .
So what did you do ?
Yes , you 've got a big aid plan . Thank you very much .
That 's what the aid aid is . We need to get again . Help it .
Now , what do you do ?
You completely slaughtered the trade of the lion , and the new one is completely unsolved .
World War II , the U.S.
And the World War II , you 'll get the market open to Europe , and you 're going to get Europe to the global economy , which you 've got to put in the world of the Earth , but you will have the power to do it .
It 's completely unsolved dynamics .
Do you have other things ?
There is . You totally sealed your security department .
The World War II , your security policy is the continuity .
And the World War II , you 're going to get over the corner of the tent , and you 've got 10 million , and it 's 40 .
You completely slow off the security of security and do n't you ?
There is . You 've inherited the ballast ' 60s .
And the World War II , you think it 's so sacred , and so you do n't really have to get out of it .
And the World War II , you 're all building the U.N. and the Rover , the French , and you do n't want to go to the European government , all the systems to support each other .
These are still useful : aid , trade , security and government .
And of course , the details are going to change , because these are all necessary .
And none of these are not the way to rebuild Europe , should not be the result of what 's going on at the top , so that it 's a hundred billion people going on .
Would it be easier or harder ?
We need to have customers and feelings .
Today , I 'm going to be a second .
And I 'm going to hear a little bit more dynamic , and that 's the mother and the continuation of government , the government and I 'll show you a new idea of thinking about how to build government management , which is really important to the world .
Now , the best chance is that it can take us all the time and make the lowest 10 billion people , and that 's the waiter .
The protests in the commodity is going to take a lot of money to enter it , but it 's not all the same thing .
They put money into one of these countries because the price of goods is very high , but it 's not the case .
And Uganda was discovered that the most catastrophic places on the planet , and Ghana was found out of basking oil ; the fishermen were found a lot more than being discovered .
So , a whole series of stars .
And the new kind of wood is that the aid is going to be judged .
Just give you an example : Rob Drori on the ground every year .
For 10 million people in San Francisco , the $ 60 countries who have contributed to 60 million countries are just $ 100 .
So the protests in products will give the top 10 billion people .
So I hope it would be .
But the question is , how do we help them ?
This is a huge opportunity for development .
Is it going to be tracked ?
In this case , I did a little research for this problem , and it was a new thing to do , so it should be new .
And I went and looked at the relationship between a great commodity , and the price of the commodity .
I 'm looking at the globalization of globalization , and I put all the countries in the world as well as 40 years ago , to look at this relationship .
From a short short view -- it 's about seven years , and its relationships are good .
I mean , it 's a great : all the things that are going to do is go down .
Because the increase in trade , what you have to do is increase the profits , but at the same time it 's going to fit all of us .
So GDP continues -- good ! But it 's a short short term .
How long from a long time ?
Let 's see 15 years later .
From short to short , it 's the Rover ; but from long periods of time , that 's the Rover .
And even though you can get a short short clip , but most social , it 's all about the history of history , almost all the way back to history .
It 's not about the prediction of the cause of growth ; it 's an unintended prediction , for long - term prototypes .
So what 's wrong ? Why is the presence of resources ?
So I studied it again , and it turns out that the key questions that are involved in resources are the ability to control the power of the economy .
In fact , if your government has enough enough level , dengue fever is not going to happen .
That 's the long term .
This is Norway , Europe . It 's Australia , it 's Canada .
The resources are completely overwhelmed by these countries .
But it 's about 10 billion people in the middle of the world .
They were doing it for a second .
They 're growing faster now .
And the problem is , if they keep it this way .
In history , their government was about 40 years ago .
Like Nigeria , if they do n't get oil , their situation would be better .
So for those countries , whether they go into a long - term or short game or a short day , there is a gap there .
This is a parchment example of what 's going on in the mid-'80s in Brooklyn .
So the question became , what 's the state of these countries ?
In the 1970s ' 70s , the idea of democracy is constantly spreading .
So I think this is exactly the key part of the National government .
Maybe it 's because democracy , we can be optimistic about this .
The idea of democracy is really clear -- but not a positive effect .
The problem with democracy is much more difficult than the genocide .
In this phase , I just threw out research on research , but the upshot of the democracy is not beyond it .
Because there are two different democracy . Logging competition , decision - makers , decided to decide how to do it ; adjust you how you use power .
It turns out that a negative democracy is the Japanese competition , and the powerful balance continues .
So what the countries need is a powerful balance .
But they do n't get these things .
They just got democracy in the 1990s , and the elections were there .
How do we help them to reduce the authority of the government and the treatment system ?
And for all of the hundred billion people in the world , they 're all going to get rid of the trade - to - day struggle to recover .
We should be building a little bit of this , and we should have to be able to control the resources , but it should be what we 're supposed to be able to put in charge of control .
We know that these Rovers are effective , and we 've built one .
That 's " Frost Systems . "
And the content of this conference is simple , and it 's going to be a lot of government to do it to their people .
But what this conference was introduced was funded by ARPA , and then published their revenues in the newspaper .
These newspapers are getting down .
People care about their government spending .
So we know that this is work , but what 's the key to the international rules ?
I do n't have time to spend a lot of time , I 'm going to give you an example .
And the first thing is how to put resources out -- this is a economy , and it takes resources to turn into a property .
So the first step is to sell resources of resources .
You all know that resources are sold , but from the last 40 years , how do they sell ?
One company , and the Minister of ministers , the minister .
This is a company for this company , and it 's a win - win -- but usually the state of the country .
Here 's a very simple piece , and it 's called the Personal lobes , which can change this situation .
With all of the public institutions on Earth , the biggest majority of expertise , of course , is the DARPA sector , and the U.K. is in the U.K.
The U.K. decided that some of the forces in the U.K. gave some power to the mobile phone , and they need to calculate the power of these forces .
They 're just 20 to 20 percent .
At the same time , a group of economists recommend saying , " Why not make a fuss about ? This is going to show you a little bit of value . "
And the upshot of this is about 200 million .
If the U.K. leader is going to reach 10 billion dollars , then think about what the Navy is doing .
When I applied this proposition to the president of San Francisco , the day this presidential president was like the World Bank , and a team of experts in the World Trade Center to help them .
And there are five key steps of development ; every step is applied to the Open nets .
If we could do that , we would change the world .
We can help them change their social transformation .
So this is our job . We ca n't change the society , but we can help it to change social , because they 're usually struggling to struggle and fail because it 's accelerating .
Now , we do n't have the rules .
If you think about it , the International rule spends just zero -- no money cost .
But why are they not ?
And I realized that the problem is that politicians are always doing it , and unless our countries have a group of finance .
And unless we have a social society , politicians are just a little bit of a sign to the African problem : <unk> , <unk> .
And I realized that we also needed a social society .
So this is the rules I resolved for economists , and I wrote a book that could read the economics of a beach in the beach .
But I have to say that communication is not so easy .
That 's why I 'm standing on this stage , but it 's the worst .
I 'm growing a very dynamic kind of view .
My wife gave me a blog assignment for me , and the blog commentary says , " Oprah is not sexy -- but his disciples is convinced . "
Maybe you agree , and you agreed to have a society that we need to be a social society and a group of professionals , you realize I need you .
It 's a joke .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/steven_strogatz_on_sync.html
And the pilot 's surgical surgical exam , loses the patient 's pain and the pain of the patients to heal the time , and it turns out that the technology has found two problems in the world -- the language and a distance . He shares the same thing that we share , a world of <unk> technology , how we 're going to share it .
health care , medicine , technology
<unk>
Stephen Hawking : The World Wide Show of surgery
And I 'd like to talk about that tonight .
The first one is really hard to get surgery and doing surgery .
Second language , in this world language is going to be removed with each other .
And at the top of my face , the two are good , and I 'll tell you about my reason .
Now , nobody wanted to spend a job .
Anybody ready for surgery ?
Do you want to accept surgery ?
And if you want , please move your hands .
Nobody wants .
In particular , no one wanted to have a lot of pain in this tool , and the time was going to be a huge amount of procedures .
However , if you have to accept surgical surgery , you would expect a burglar procedure .
Now , this is what I 've been working on tonight : self - help ideas , and I teach people to look at a good , universal idea .
Okay , just to tell you , track surgical surgery is hard to get back to the way to sleep , and then put CO2 in the air and put it into the position of the balloon , so that it 's a very dangerous tool to put the instrument to look at the sound , to see the tool .
And that 's actually true .
This is a surgical surgery .
We 've been doing a million examples a year in America .
This is a little blood vessels , a little blood vessels .
You see , the surgery is very efficient .
They look at their faces .
It 's a very hard surgery , too .
We 've done about 400 samples across the U.S.
Well , it turns out , " He was born with a surgical checklist . "
To me , the surgical trainee was not born .
It 's not making it .
We ca n't find a boat to produce them .
Surgery takes over step steps .
First of all , from the most basic skill .
And then I came up , and there was hope , put them into the operating room and they learned how to do it .
Then they train them how they work .
learn about five years .
And if you have to accept surgical surgery , there 's a silver band of surgery .
Okay , you get a bulldozer and a half .
Eventually , enough of luck , it would be a member of a partner level .
And this is a fundamental issue , and some of us from the largest surgical community of America , in the late ' 90s , came up with a trained program to make sure that every one of these trains was going to overcome the surgeons and skills to get their hands together .
And the result of that is that the United States is a little bit like the American operation of the U.S. Library , where every one of these stops has been trained to get a donation to the training of the genocide . "
It 's not just a talk , but it 's just not the office but the ones are adding high speed speed .
Very difficult .
And just last year , one of our collaborators : the U.S. surgery , the United States , who has been told all of the surgeries that we 've been visiting , and the pilot 's going to follow the surgical exam .
Is it the surgery of America and Canada ?
No , no .
So , to keep this global education and train it is a very large task , and I 'm excited because we travel around the world .
In the world , we 've been able to train surgery in the world .
So now there is a problem .
We ca n't do it every corner .
We have to take this world smaller .
Maybe the tools are going to be able to fix this problem .
One of my personal tools is the video communication .
This is my friend inspired me .
He was von Frost , and he came from Florida .
He showed that they could teach people to get paid .
Here is an astronomer who is teaching a checklist to live in Africa , and they 're going to be a pilot of shooting at surgery .
Perfectly interactively .
But for that hard testing , we have a problem .
Even though people are going to talk about English is just the only mosquito of people .
Because for them , it 's not a surgery , but a <unk> test .
I 'm talking a little bit more specific .
I work in Cambridge .
There was a primary observatory in Harvard Medical School .
We have over 12,000 beds , and we know that there is more than 10,000 language in this little hospital , the translation takes over million dollars .
It 's a hard job .
Think of the burden of control in the world , and your patient communication is not to teach the surgery , but just just with your patients , we 're going to have a lot of energy .
We have to use technology to help us .
In the hospital , we see Harvard students who just saw the people who were just yesterday .
You ca n't imagine how hard it is to take care of you .
And you do n't have a copy .
So we need tools .
We need a universal wave .
And then , after this talk , I hope you 're not using this session as a craftsman and Goldstein .
Think of it as a conversation .
Once we learn things , there 's a lot of learning .
In the same place , the rest of the world is more than a lot of money , and the money that we 've offered every American company .
Maybe we need to learn something .
So , I 'm going to teach myself a little bit about teaching the world 's skills .
Last year , I went to the U.S. government , and the Chinese Corporation of China .
And the same thing I 've ever met everywhere , " We need these , but we hope to use our language . "
So , we wanted to do this : imagine I 'm going to play a talk and also use their language to communicate with them .
And I hope that the same thing from Asia , South America , in Africa , and Europe , who is very comfortable with a cost of control , is that they communicate a price of choice .
Think of communication .
They also taught us something .
This is a silver lining .
So , we tried to find a universal trick ; I think it would happen .
Your page can translate , and your cell phone allows them to translate the translation of the string back .
Because we need an application . What 's the spike ?
It 's a kind of a field of representation .
I need a healthcare worker .
And this , I need a surgery .
It 's a big task . We have to do it .
So let me tell you what we 're doing .
This is a study -- it 's a little bit .
We 're working with partners in the same Warner team and support centers .
It creates a doctor in a framework , and the doctor shows a lecture - based piece , which is used at the same time , with the other technology .
However , we do n't have a unique text , so the third technology came out .
There are a specific text , and we put it into translation .
We put the word into a window , and then the magic magic .
We have the fourth technology .
Currently , a couple of languages are bending the language .
And , of course , when we try to take the world smaller , more and less stuff .
And I want to share with you a little bit about our basic model that the model is going to look like a few technical dynamics .
Announcer : Take a checklist of surgery .
Five miles : How technology exercises
students can show it the opposite of it .
Stephen Hawking : So if you 're in Latin America , you can click on the button , " I need a copy of it . "
And if you 're using a way of doing something like this , you can find the <unk> , and even a couple of days , it 's all about technology , it does n't need a copy .
This is the teaching session .
And if you remember that I started talking about <unk> , my description is : knowledge and skill .
And in a surgery , it 's a hard time or to do it for a long time , or a lot of fun to decide about it .
So , we 're going to go further , and we 've got to go back to the old one .
Allan : We 're going to be practicing today .
This is what it looks like .
Take a break on the shelf .
It must be accurate .
The black hole .
Your forehead would be like this .
Now you cut the line off .
Journalist : Very good . Last week .
PH : This is what we 're looking at now .
We hope it 's something .
We need to teach , and we need to learn .
I can think of this tool using the tool .
And when we talk about relaxation and human technology , everyone has a mobile phone with a camera , and the patient , for example , is the patients , the raw , or the legal community , with the video , video boards and the video .
Here 's a tool around the world .
If you want to remove the forces , we have to learn to improve the translations of the others .
We all need this tool to be a little bit smaller .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/eric_dishman_take_health_care_off_the_mainframe.html
When the exhibition loses the exhibit , lose a new art - free art that has to look for an innovative art material to replace it , and then find her real art <unk> . And , in fact , she 's shaped the role of the art system , which is the size of what 's going on at the top , but there 's a building in the building .
art , arts , cities , culture , data , design , technology , visualizations
<unk>
Clay Shirky : The technique of imagination
And this story is to tell you the story .
When I was 14 years ago , I went to the common materials , and the family had always been fishing with it .
Today , I 'm going to use it to create permanent , coherent versions of mass scaling , as much as the scaling exponent .
I ca n't make it possible .
I never studied sculptures or architecture .
In fact , I created the World Trade Center , and I was hooked in a coma .
I decided that I went out of artists and I ended up on a decade , and finally hired a Fulbright scholarship .
Let 's give you a choice , and I 'm going to draw out the ship and then get it down .
Shake it too fast , it did n't join up .
And I had to find a lot of money .
This is a silver lining .
So I tried to try and get a Ph.D.
But it turns out that big stars are very robust and robust .
One day I went to the beach and looked at the Atlantic Ocean to see the footprints of the beach .
And I 've seen this scene every day , but I looked at this sort of point of view that I saw a new kind of sculpture , and it would have to form a form of structural materials .
And the first thing I did was I was working with this kind of work with these celebrities .
It 's called " ground Market . "
We have a picture of it .
And I found that it 's a very soft surface showing that the wind is constantly changing .
I was hooked .
I continue to learn how to work with the traditional and Kuwait Foundation , and then after the tooling .
And I like to offer this wonderful details to me , but I want to put it out of it , and I think it 's not just to look at it .
When I went back to India , I was co - inventor of the network , and there was a million and a half - legged solitary in the midst of stark infected .
There were thousands of people who saw this work , and one of them was a member of the state of industrial pioneers , who was the dawn of John Locke .
And he asked me that I could n't build it into a permanent work .
I do n't know if I 'm doing it at the same time as well as I can .
In the way , the engineering mix , it 's permanent , they all fit into unique , delicate , odd , odd .
I spent two years of time , looking for a fibers that can heal the air air , and the pollution can be used in the wind .
We need some kind of support to support it to the center of the transportation station .
So we went down to the 45 , 3,000 barrels .
We 've got to be able to build the industry , and we 're going to move it out in the middle of a vacuum loop , and it 's going to take vanity .
But there was no design software that was used to simulate this kind of movement .
And I found a great progression of aviation , and he designed the sail of the U.S. Cross with Peter Oprah .
Peter takes me to solve this new shape - based shape and elegant motion .
I could n't use the old way to shape the work because the predecessor of Santa Barbara ca n't get surfing .
So I teamed up with a team of organization , and I learned to study a different kind of product and find a way of making the machine using the machine .
They do n't have language to translate this ancient , unique clay to go into the program and make machines used to produce .
So we have to create a little .
Three years later , I had two kids , and we finally got this 50 - foot net .
And so it 's incredible that I used to imagine that it was made of permanent work , and there was a destruction of this process .
This is a bleached date . It 's not .
Now it 's a particle .
I flew on the top line .
Looking at the outline of the wind and recursively recursively me , and I feel like the lambs and the horizontal sky .
My life was changing .
I want to create these iconic sculptures that allow them to stay around the world .
I want to share with you two new directions that I work .
In Port au - Prince , this is where it was , and I thought , well , the sculptures of sculpture need to be a little flatter .
And we came up with these little pieces of water that created a kind of piece of wood to make a form that 's going to change the form of the wind , and we can see that it can be altered by the same time that people can do it .
And I 'm going to use this kind of sculpture to track the subway on the ground , and the paths is just like the city of a city .
And this is the next challenge -- a two - year - old meeting , who asked me , if I could put the most advanced <unk> and their communication performance in a piece of work and their connections .
I do n't know , but I said to myself .
And I 've been able to tell you a little bit about the epicenter of the Congo tsunami in Chile .
It changes the magnetic composition of Earth , plus the Earth 's length , even more than a day .
I connect the U.S. national and the atmosphere and asked them if they could offer the tsunami , and then I 'll turn those data into this .
It 's called " The Magic Hour " which is the tiniest sweetener in the Earth .
I ca n't rely on the way that I 've been building this sculpture .
It 's a very complicated shape .
I 'm going to use metal covers using a soft fibers that replace it to 15 times a second .
Now , the sculpture is completely plastic , so it 's very smooth to get into the construction industry , which is part of the city .
There was no software that was used in software to form this complex , form of gravity .
So we had to make a job .
And I got a phone phone from the New York Times , and I asked me if I could use these concepts to Times Square or the Pacific Park .
Narrator : The new fabric of the typology of this is allowing me to simulate these sculptures and immersing them as much as the celebrities .
PH : It 's not raising money to money , but I 'm going to dream now to bring these sculptures to the city .
Twenty - 14 years ago , I search for beauty in the traditional things in a conventional way .
Now , I 'm going to compare it to high - tech materials and engineering convergence to create the size of the building .
My art is constantly changing .
And finally , I 'm going to tell you that story .
I got a phone phone call for a guy .
And she was a lawyer lawyer who had never been interested in art to have a art museum , but it brought all of her into the bottom of the bridge and put it on the bottom of a line of wire .
They 're lying there , and he 's lying on the grass and looking at the shape of the wires and the strangers sharing with strangers .
Thank you .
Thanks very much .
Thank you .
Thank you very much .
1700
In the midst of extraordinary photographs , Allan Fowler shows oil flow into the modern world of modern society , and it 's going to go back to the racetrack and the fuel engines , all the way up to oil .
TED Prize , design , energy , global issues , photography , technology
247
Allan Sandberg on a oil spill
I started with 30 years ago .
I was working in Cape Town . I realized that this was a corner corner .
And I wanted to use a very big picture of color cameras , which made work from a kind of a sense of how human beings can use the symbols of the land , and to express how humans use their land to make a symbol that they use . Become a role - based loop .
What 's interesting about me is that it makes us think of these things , and I think the camera is doing this job . I believe photography works .
Narrator : After 17 years of industrial landscape , I found that oil is the size of the industrial industry .
Because change is the velocity of our resources , because it 's the speed of changing resources .
So I took a whole series of images of oil , so I 've taken a bunch of different images across the ocean .
I 'm going to figure out this kind of a series of themes , the first theme , and the oil spill . First , oil depletion and sponges .
And the second theme is how we use : in the cities , our bus culture is driving together , and people drive together to drive the activity of the people to get together .
The third one is the end of the oil end . And the chaos of marketing , all the automobile , is all about the vehicle , the airplane ?
For me , photography is the way I explore the world to find these places , and I 'm exploring this way of looking at this world of places that I 've explored this place for me to explore this kind of way .
I also had a idea , which was proposed by a ecological academic , and he calculated how much the amount of carbon is spent on fuel , how many organic materials have spent the wind , the how the organic stuff required is going to be going on . How much organic does he have .
It needs to be 23 tons .
So every time I 'm flying , I think the amount of carbon .
And I know that oil is coming out of the ocean , and he calculated that the Earth needs a long time to have these energy . He also calculated how long the Earth needs .
It takes about five years , and it needs 500 years to generate the power of 50 million barrels of oil in order to reduce the energy that is going to be about 500 million years of energy to produce more than 300 percent of petrol in the fuel that you can get about 300 to 300 million barrels of energy in order to get to 300 oil spills .
And this suggests that we have a crisis in our society , and it shows the crisis of society .
300 million dollars a year , see two oil spills , and the Canadian Canada .
They just transport it 15 years .
There are 70,000 males in the world , and it 's only about 45 years .
The problem is not oil - free either , but when it comes out , it 's not the oil spill ?
So for me , using photography , I think that I should start using the biggest challenge of our time , and I believe that it 's the most challenge that we 're going to have to use our business to do our work , which is that , in the course of the time -- I 'm supposed to crinkle up our ideas for our very best , biggest challenges , but I thought I 'd start making the best challenges of what we 've ever experienced in our process . And I would like to start with our
On the other hand , 30 , 40 years later I could say to my children , " About 30 years , I can say that we can adjust my kids ' children ' to be the most important moment of the time , and we 've been able to adjust the crisis . ♫ Sweeney : So we 're very important at this time . Thank you very much about the real moment . "
http://www.ted.com/talks/joshua_walters_on_being_just_crazy_enough.html
Synapses , medical scientists and inventor Steven Johnson shows a new way to use function using functional MRI shows the brain 's activity -- ideas , emotions , pain -- when it 's happening . In other words , you can see your senses .
biology , brain , business , demo , medicine , science , short talk , technology , visualizations
<unk>
So let 's take a look at the technology of the brain , and it scans the brain .
Hey , you 're going to take your hands up to the rest of your hand , and it 's like me , like a kind of a little bit like a kind of a hobby .
You can just imitate my words directly .
You can have liquid muscle on your arm .
Soon you can see how you work in your brain , and programming , controlling the brain in different ways .
I 'm going to tell you about this technology .
Human beings have been trying to run the inside of the human brain to work on their brains to work .
In this technology , we have the chance to achieve it .
People always think it 's a difficult challenge .
Because you have to put it down to the blood vessels and send it into the body .
This is dangerous stuff .
You might be sexually attacked the lottery .
But we actually have this technology to do this research .
We 're going to enter my colleague Peter .
It 's used by non - invasive methods , and it 's using glue .
You do n't have to get anything into the inside . It does n't need to take a reef .
And you can enter the composition of Peter 's brain , and indeed fly into his body , but more importantly , we can see his minds work .
When Peter Sutherland 's arm , you can see that the yellow dots are going to happen , and that 's what 's happening by Peter Bateson .
You 've seen , you can see , using electrodes , your brain animation and the brain to show you inside your brains .
Narrator : A few days of this program was used for a couple of months .
We 're using the latest technology to move back to a few milliseconds of time , and then you can see the brain at the same time .
And he can see the amount of prescriptions that are happening in this slide .
And if he could see the model in his head , he would learn how to control it .
There are three ways of affecting the brain : through psycho , drug and careful treatment .
Soon you 'll have a different approach .
And you all know that our ideas come from the outside and the brain .
The chronic pain is one example . If you 're a little bit closer to yourself .
But if you have damage to move six months or six years , it 's because the circuitry of these neural circuitry does n't have to help .
And if we can look at the activity of the brain , we 'll be able to make a model of three - dimensional models and focus on the way of making information . We can find the pain of pain .
Put your arm up and put your arms contract .
Now , imagine you 're going to be able to see inside your brain and connect the brain to do the same thing .
What you see is that we 've been discovering a brain of chronic pain .
You might think it 's unbelievable , but we 're now at the moment and the brain 's brain .
They 're looking at their own brain activity and they control their pain .
They 're learning to regulate this path , but they do n't have to take it to the gallery .
And the top one on the left is what they 're doing , and it 's the way that they can make their brains be controlled .
When they control their brains , it controls their pain .
This is a technical technology , but in clinical trials , we see that chronic pain loses about 44 to 64 .
It 's not " The mission mission . " It 's only your own job .
I 've seen it inside my brain , too quickly .
When you can control your brain , what do you want to control ?
You 're going to be able to understand where your identity is and your own experience .
There are a couple of spots we 're trying to study , and today I do n't have time to get into it .
But finally , I wanted to ask you a big question .
We 're the first ones to be able to enter the human brain , using this technology to understand human brains and their minds .
What would this technology look like ?
http://www.ted.com/talks/al_seckel_says_our_brains_are_mis_wired.html
For a few centuries , science has been on the wrong question , and the question is that the science is not going to be able to do it , more than a moral problem that should be a problem of morality , to bring us to real ethical value .
culture , global issues , morality , philosophy , psychology , religion , science
<unk>
Jonathan Drori : The science of science
Today I 'm talking about science and human values .
We think that the ideas of moral problems are wrong , and the idea is that science ca n't solve and engage .
People think science can help us get what we want to tell us about what 's important .
So most people , even today I 'm sitting here thinking of the science of science forever , and the question is , " What are we going to live with ? "
" What should we do ? "
What 's a happy life ? "
And I want to tell you a little bit about science and human values , which is a very dangerous miracle , and it 's particularly dangerous , especially in our future society .
People say that science ca n't be the basis of moral and values , because science does n't look like two different levels of value and value .
And so people think , even if you look at the world , you ca n't get to the utopia .
But I think it 's really wrong .
Nature is a kind of vegetarian .
And it 's a human understanding of how humans can get Legos .
Why do n't we have any moral compassion ?
Why do we worry about rock ?
Because we do n't think that the rocks are going to fall , and if it 's a little bit closer to insects , we have our own species , because we think we 're more happy than the insect .
And the purpose of that is that there is a lot of beauty in this argument that if we 're in biology and the experience of the natural world , it 's a mistake that we 've been wrong with .
But I realized that there was no moral and social experience , and the experience of human experience and trying to change the possibilities of experience .
Even if your values come from religion , even if you think of it as a result , there is a relationship between the death of the crime and the dead , and it 's never going to be the same time in the country .
Think of all the experiences that are going to die after the death of the world , and yet , who does n't know if they 're dead .
The basis of reading is that the foundation of the human being is human , and in my family , we know something about it .
And we know that you might be able to do it in a country where everything is likely to be wrong , and the mother ca n't be a mother to go to their children 's children to find a situation that they ca n't be able to get to a religious situation .
We know that we can solve this kind of balance to a fundamental situation , like we 're now , and the peace Rovers , the peace discussion .
We know that , clearly , you know , there 's a wrong way of thinking about it .
Do they add cholera to the water ?
It 's not about it .
Everyone believes that the magic of evil is happening , and when they 're unfortunate , they immediately start sweating ? About not .
We should try to understand the human community and the way we can not understand it .
Compare it to the value of the moral effort .
When we talk about value , we 're talking about the fact .
The World Health Organization in the world can see a lot of different levels of activity from the level of the chromosome and the political breakthroughs .
But if we go back to the issue of human happiness , we have to talk about human brains .
Because we know what we 're thinking about the world , the experience of our experience and the perceptions of the brain , regardless of the brain form .
And even as a result of being killed by a lion of a suicide Branson , his personality , the personality of his character , is made by his brain .
And so the culture of culture is -- because culture has changed our ideas and change the pattern of our brain .
So no matter how many different cultures have a lot of ideas about human happiness , and all of a sudden , in science , of science as well as understandable , psychological and psychological , etc .
What I 'd like to suggest is that values can understand the facts of human perception , as a principle of rules .
We have it possible to imagine the experience of the people in this situation .
It 's like a moral landscape , a different kind of view and the valley , like the human mind , or the individual , or the individual .
And what we should see is that maybe there is a human happiness that we 've never been before , very few experiences .
It 's waiting for us to explore .
And maybe these experiences are what we call mysterious or powerless experience .
Maybe it might be some of our own experiences , because our brains have their own circuitry , but the other others are probably possible .
I have to clarify it , and I 'm not saying that science can completely be completely <unk> , or the science of science .
For example , I do n't think we 're going to take a moment and we 'll talk about the computer , or we should not be able to shave , whether we ought to be bombing - free devices or to TED .
But if it 's a cause of happiness , they have the answer , regardless of us .
Remember that when we try to solve the problem of human happiness , it may be wrong to answer the fact that the truth is to change the way that we 're talking about morality , we can change what the consequences are .
In the United States , in the U.S. , the 21 percent is the legal teacher , and the teacher 's teacher could be able to get a lot of time to fill the kids , you know , <unk> , or even worse .
Every hundred kids have been killed by this .
And I think you 're surprised , and it 's all kind of fun .
Not Australia .
And religions often do this .
Narrator : It says that the universe told us that we do n't want to get the word " Ace " , " or " Maestro " is the case of ♫ ♫ Sobule : The Half of Pearl Prince - Prince . "
Can we ask a simple question at the same time making a child that 's going to experience the pain of the kids and the people in front of it ?
Some of us know that this problem is not only the answer , and it 's important to us ?
And maybe in your pocket , there are lots of people who are worried about what it means to be a happy conceit .
And how could you possibly have a regular family ?
And if it 's this , because of the notion of health care .
There 's no real argument .
Like Michael Pollan , said , " These concepts can change .
In the middle of this graph , human life is 30 percent .
This is now developing countries in the developing world .
Someday , because we 're not going to run the gene in about 200 years , it 's not an appointment .
If you have this situation , people get money to give you .
We know that the idea of health change is going to change the time that we think it 's not to think about it .
It 's the same difference between a healthy person and a silver or a mind .
And the other thing that 's going on is the moral map , although there 's a lot of people who are going to work together and try to figure out a way to find a management society and find the biggest joy of happiness .
Why ca n't we use this into moral moral ?
Think of the way we 're talking about food , and I will never react to you for free .
There 's a lot of food in a healthy diet .
But no one 's putting food and ballast .
When we asked " What 's the food ? " I have a lot of answer .
It does n't stop taking away from us to study anthropology .
A lot of people worry about morality need to have a kind of appointment engagement , not permission .
For example , prayer is wrong forever , and if you can find the Russians , it 's not really moral .
PH : Why do we think this is ?
Let 's take a couple of examples .
If you want to play a beautiful piece of spaghetti sauce , " Do n't lose your cat . "
But it 's also exceptions .
In some cases , the bedrooms is a beautiful guy .
In some ways , it 's the only one you can do .
But it 's an absolutely practical game .
And even though they 're allowed to make it happen , it does n't change the fact .
In this ethical era , some of us should do it .
Think about the women , what do women do ?
It 's a method that you can do .
In general , what do we like to do , although we do n't like it , we think it 's wrong , but how can we say that these ancient cultures are not supposed to limit their wives and daughters , and the daughters live in the Rift Valley ?
How do we say that they are wrong when they 're using bed nets , or they put their hand up to their faces , and if they 're not going to be like this ?
How can we say that ?
How can we be able to pretend that we 're completely unaware of the happiness or the happiness we should have to do with these behaviors ?
I 'm not saying that I think that the women should be thinking about what it wants to wear .
But what does this mean ? In a girl who 's been raped by the first response to his father , who is a guy who was murdered , what would it mean to be a society ?
Let 's take it to your brain : your daughter is raped by your response .
Do you really think that this should be a human happiness ?
I said , " Well , we have the perfect idea of our society .
Now , for example , you 're going to be able to see the intersection of any civilization in any civilization .
And I have to admit , well , for most men , you might need to be able to think that there 's something wrong about it .
But at our own time we also wondered , " What would we learn about the age of respect and personality ? "
Are we going to hope our kids are in this visual environment ?
Probably not . So there should be a middle position to get a healthy balance .
Maybe this is more than one of the big maps of this world , and our moral map should have a lot of different kinds of traffic .
But the point is that there are so many places in the world .
And the irony of my mind is that the general thing that I think is full of thinking about moral controversy is the most religious and wrong answer .
They would like to think of moral controversy , because they 've been hearing these answers in the secret to hear these ideas , rather than what they 're thinking about thinking and analysis .
In fact , the religious religions have been a role for people to focus on the moral issue , and the pain of the animal and the animal .
And this is why we spend the spirit talking about justice , whether it should n't be married , or whether the poverty or the poor , or the other kinds of problems , the poverty and the other .
But these religions say that one thing we need is a value value .
Why does this matter ?
One is that when we discuss morality , we do n't have a special religious , pesticides , scientist .
When we discuss morality , we begin to respect different arguments , but we do n't do it in other respects .
So , for example , the Dalai Lama thinks about compassion every morning , and he thinks it 's a part of a human being .
And the other side is Ted Turner , who is a chance of gratitude and rape and murder , and dengue fever .
Clearly , there is a different point of view that everybody has different ideas .
Most of the Western scholars have seen this situation , " Well , in fact , the Dalai Lama does n't really have a mistake , it 's not really the wrong thing , but it is not a really good discussion .
He liked chocolate , and he loved herbs .
Do n't tell them anything they say . "
But we do n't talk about science .
Here 's Margaret McCarthy .
He 's the expert in string theory .
If you ask you the most smart physicists , who is the world 's most intelligent physicist , and my experience is 50 percent .
They 'll tell you , " They do n't like it . "
So , if I came up to a physical retreat and said , " string theory is a rectangle .
I did n't feel that it was n't my choice .
I 'm not an oxymoron . "
What does n't happen , because I 'm not a physicists , I do n't really understand the string theory .
This is Ted theory .
I do n't want to join up any of my ideas to accept .
That 's the point .
And when we talk about things , we have to have some clues .
That 's why we have a professional .
That 's why we should depend on knowledge .
It does n't matter how we say that there is no moral authority in moral psychology , or ethical genius .
Why are we going to convince all of that ?
How do we convince ourselves that all of these things are what we 're thinking about , and we should all be able to put them up ?
Do n't the Taliban respond to physics and do n't think about it ? No .
But what 's the difference between happiness and their laws ?
Now , what 's going on in the world ?
And as people like people who acknowledge that happiness is right and wrong , and the ethical answer is , there is a direct connection between the truth .
And the individual , or the whole culture of culture , depends on some wrong questions , which is really impossible to have their beliefs and ideas .
Forgot to change the way we discuss morality .
In the world of today 's world , what 's happening in the world is constant to keep it a day .
We live in a world of dangerous technology , and this technology can not be invented because of the same thing that 's going to be a lot more difficult than ever to fund .
And I think it 's obvious that we ca n't be able to respect and tolerate it to the different aspects of human happiness , as we 're not worried about , or whether we do n't respect the security or the safety of the aerospace and the airplane .
We have to recognize that these problems can find the answer .
And answer the world 's most important questions .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : Let me ask you some questions .
There are some people , or some other corner in the world , and the anger or the pizza . Some people .
The language seems to be a very important thing .
But what do you mean when you 're talking about the women , you say , " Do you mean , you know ? "
I 've lived in the National National System , and a lot of the women .
They might be able to figure out the ideas . They say , " No , this is a piece of women who are special , and because of that , it helps us , because it 's not a very reliable conceit of this . "
Are we able to use a non - cultural imperialism , and these women talk about these problems .
Christopher <unk> : So let me try to see a quick answer that the question is that this problem is really the real question of their own choosing , and it 's really their personal choice for the men , if you want to take a bit of the situation , if you want to get a situation like that .
And if anyone in this room wanted to wear a very ridiculous ring , or in the face of a face , I would like everybody should do what we want to do , but we have to be honest with these women 's circumstances .
I think we should n't be able to accept their argument very often , especially in 12 degrees , and you have to get to the situation .
Many people want to believe this notion of moral progress .
But could there be a harmony ?
PH : I think I know what you 're saying , do n't let the world be a moral conceit .
You can tell us that if we get closer to 50 years , you want our world to be able to balance the balance between morality and diversity .
And once we admit that we get out of the path of righting righting rules to understand the way that the brain works , so you have to recognize that what we 're going to learn is that we 're going to understand the positive and negative qualities of the brain that we 're on to understand that this is .
We will understand that a positive community is like compassion and compassion , and we 're going to understand how the elements are helping us to have these characteristics -- to the genetic system that people are talking about , which is the way we get to see and it 's the same thing that we know .
We ca n't stop it again .
In order to get a little girl , the daughter of the girls , or teach her to be a self - confidence , is a very different woman .
And I think we do n't need the National Science Foundation , which is very , very bad to find the power of forces that we can scan every human brain and study them .
People really love their daughters as well as the culture ?
And I think these are the right answers .
CA : So if the result was really happy , you were happy to change your intuition , right ?
S - songwriter : As a matter of fact , if you 're in a crazy moral system , you can love it .
And you say , " Because I love my son , I do n't want him because he 's free , and I put my head up and put it on the side of his love .
And if you could find a cup , you still feel a love of love .
But we also need to put happiness on a larger context .
This is our collective interface , not a man , and it 's not an man to move on the bus .
CA : I 'm hopeful that the conversation can continue a few hours .
Now , no , maybe it 's not too far . Thank you very much for TED .
Old Reader : My privilege , thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/eric_dishman_take_health_care_off_the_mainframe.html
Narrator : In Tel Aviv , North Carolina , the difference between fusion and celebrity , and asks to use the idea of trying to defend against the ideas of anti - genocide .
agriculture , green , insects , nature , technology
<unk>
Christopher Sweeney : It 's a conversation about treating capitalism
I 'm a dupe of a chicken , but not a young year , and it 's a long time .
In college , I was at Harvard University , and I started a interested in Mojave .
So , in the Gulf of Geology , I took a couple of bucks , and the insect science was class .
And I thought , how do I get to use it or how it works for insects ?
And then I started looking at the direction of protecting plants that protect plants to protect the plants , and it 's been diluted out .
And in protecting plants , I start with biological fractals , and we define it as a species of living organic organisms to reduce the mass of the plants .
And the goal is , the goals of this approach is decreasing chemicals .
It 's a bio - fractal threat , or we 've been able to do this , and they 're already there for thousands of years .
But until it 's about 25 years , people start to realize how to develop and use them to use this organism , or how they 're going to have to be applied to fractal security or to say , naturally .
Because biological entropy has existed in your garden .
Just as long as the Deskbar , you look at what I get here ?
This is an aerial lens .
Yes , Steve Jurvetson .
It works .
You just cut the leaves and you realize that there is a little bit of insect , and there 's only one millimeter , a fraction of a millimeter or two millimeter ?
So this natural inhibits approach to every place .
I 'm sure the front of this building .
Look at these plants .
It 's all insects , and we need to know how to find it .
Okay , let 's take a look at that , look back at the back .
What is fusion ?
What would it be for plants ?
What 's the predator ? The biological business of fractal therapy , or what we 're talking about ?
In this case , I 'm going to talk about insects and spider mutations , or spiders , we call it good .
Insects -- it 's the organic organic creature , and the spider or terrorism , they 're <unk> organic organisms .
We looked at this .
This is a nanoparticles , and it 's going to be a hormone cocktail , a spider shrimp , because it produces a lot of fuss .
And what you 're looking at is the middle of the mother , and the head is about two daughters , and the right is there , and there 's a silver bar .
And then you can tell what it does .
JF : On the right - hand side , you can see the delicate leaves , the hair 's hair , and on the left side , there 's a little leaf on it .
And the spider uses a blade of wood , and they put it on the green and then the leaves are shaped by green .
But then the next thing is nature gives us a synthetic spider .
This is a waterfall shrimp -- and a little bit of a frog shrimp , one millimeter to two millimeter lengths , and it goes down and down the frog Bateson 's lima bean .
You can see the women on the left here who are picking up a frog in the upper left , and the body 's body is a little bit of a frog .
About five minutes later , it turns out , as you can see , the mosquito 's toes -- full of the wind , has been hijacked by a fertile bean , and in the bottom , there are two breeding mites on the right side , which is a mother .
Well , for those of you who are , 24 hours of food , it 's about five dozen spider mites , or those pests mites -- or 15 to 20 degrees Centigrade .
In other words , they 're always hungry .
Here 's another example : Houston .
Yes , right now in Israel .
SJ is fast , and you can see the harmful ones , the plants are all there , in the mountains , on the mountain , where they 're called the Personal Genome Project .
All right , it 's just the dark side , like the DARPA Corporation .
In downtown Springs , this is what happens .
Nothing was done .
It 's called the Personal Hour .
It looks very happy .
And then we can see what 's happening .
And this is going to be a little bit of a mixture of the water , and it 's called the wind , which is the form of small stars .
And you can see the typical color leaf of the hairs because the black dots are filled with black fibers , and the wind blows it into the green .
And the next day we save it , it 's the dawn of this facility .
This is not a predator .
We 're talking about stars , not two legs , but the groom 's toes .
This is the Ministry of Evil , which is about two millimeter long , and it 's a very , very high - speed flying arrangement .
And you can see that the process is going to be the way you 're doing it .
It 's taken from face to face on the bottom of the right - hand side , and the ring is going to put it into a regular body , a piece of wood that is going to enter the flow of the load .
Well , it 's just trying to get away .
It 's chaos , it 's a different amount of fluid , but it does n't work .
The Digital Album is a very small part of the defense .
After a few days , it 's going to be the temperature of temperatures , and the mosquito blows up , the larvae of larvae can eat the heat .
It 's all natural .
It 's not a miracle of fiction .
And then , you know , it 's going to happen in your back hand , and it happens .
That 's the final result .
So this is the final result : Frank Gehry -- the Jill - Dick .
This is the eyes of the death death , and we look at it . In fact , the process of growing a few minutes later , you 'll see it 's pretty close to it .
It 's almost like a adult .
You can see this in the whole documentary . It 's just a few minutes .
And if it 's just a little bit , it will immediately be happy and then immediately leaving , because they 're living .
It takes about three four years to survive , and it has to be about 40,000 people .
And it means that it has to find 400 percent of the damage to put it into their tissues .
Not a lot .
There 's a lot of predators , it 's just the last example .
Let 's go back to this endangered breed .
Well , for those strange names -- we 're going to tell you a little bit about the dictionary , which is , of course , these are just the vertical lines .
This is a very small , very high - sea , very scary .
Take a look at this bench .
This is not an imported , and it 's not a prestige loss .
This is a tunnel that 's not allowed to eat , because it 's been infected by those beetles .
And the next thing is , eat , small hair , and say small because it 's really tiny .
You can see it 's black , and there are two larvae .
And then comes forward to action .
And the adults get dengue fever and spent a few minutes to go to bed it up , and then change the other one .
And if we separate this small piece of wood , like , in the same way , they 're going to get the flowers and they 're going to get the flowers .
And if you look at that , when those squirt are sterile , the flowers are running out of sync , and they 're all submerged .
So this is a very positive situation .
To grow pollinators , you do n't have Legos , and it 's not going to be <unk> .
In this case , everything is wonderful .
But the problem is , you can see that this is a kind of vegetarian , fair and its predators .
And we 're doing this .
In the streets of Israel , in the collective farm , there is a institution between the predators .
In other words , we 're doing what 's going on here , and what we can do is to zoom in the natural causes of natural ventilation , or to say it 's biological mechanism .
In a new greenhouse of greenhouse power , we 're trying to get these furry mites that are small , these small neighborhoods , those small ones , and so on .
It divided into many different areas .
Well , there 's a great landscape there , and there are a couple of dozen pounds , the other side of the side , which is very gentle , very mild , but it 's very smooth , so they 're very high - resolution conditions .
And yes , it 's not the gene scaling .
There 's no genetically modified adhesive that does this .
We took it from the nature of the natural world , and we just do one thing , we provide the best conditions , or in the greenhouse sector , to put it in a very granular way .
In fact , that 's what we 've got .
And then you can see from the microscope .
In the upper left - hand corner , there 's a little fractal .
We 're in the middle of a cup like this .
So look at this little bottle .
A hundred percent of a shrimp shrimp .
There 's a six - gram long , and it 's only the only draining frog in a factory , which is the strawberry , the kangaroo , in the middle of a year , to solve those spider mites .
And by using this , we can produce the number of stars every year .
And that 's what I said to the natural mechanism .
We 're not starving .
Instead , we compare these towers to these systems that have been damaged by chemical spray .
We use these predators to move the situation down to the use of the chemical spray , to reduce the power of chemicals in order to get a higher natural balance .
So here 's the concept .
But what 's going on ?
And by the way , you can see , in this case , by using the idea of being able to make a lot of what 's going on with the bio - permitting preservation .
For example , in Israel , we 've been running extraterrestrials in the womb to protect the genocide , and there 's been more and more than a piece of water -- and it 's actually going to take over 75 percent .
And the fruits of Israel in Israel -- which is even more than 80 percent , and particularly in the face of the guns .
So it works .
And then some of the problems , particularly , when you ask those things , and the farmer : why would you choose ?
Why choices ?
But it does n't matter if you ask a couple of people , everyone will do different answers .
In the case of this area , Israel in Israel , the big areas of the Big Bang , and there are -- and the most great agriculture <unk> , particularly in the greenhouse settings , is , if you drive to the city , you 'll find it 's at the center of a city .
And if you look at it carefully , you can see that the family is picking up these predators , and they 're not going to be a lot of clothing and glue .
The technique of technology is really safe , and this is what we asked : why are we going to be able to get the answer to the biological destruction of the organisms .
And the answer is , many of the things that are going to worry about preventing resistance , fear that this leads to the force of resilience , which is like the organisms of antibiotic resistance .
Again , this might happen very quickly .
Autonomy , whether bio entropy , or natural destruction , is very difficult to avoid forces .
Almost impossible .
Because this is a species of evolution ; it 's a natural possibility of natural selection , not as organisms .
The answer is , the public needs .
The masses of individuals tend to be able to support chemical doses of chemicals , more and more of the mosquito , find that they should get to the organism to destroy chemical spray .
And even though it 's like this , the <unk> , she 's interested in these little beetles , whether neither degrees or less , and the hand has taken a microscope , in the crops itself .
Finally , I want to talk about my view , or to say , my dreams .
Because you know what it is .
So look at this one .
If we were to calculate the Earth 's fate , about seven million dollars .
Look at what 's happening in crops in the world .
I 'd like to be a little bit more than that .
About 2,000 dollars .
So this has a huge amount of time to fill .
So actually , what do we do ?
How are we going to fill this up , or would we get this one out of every year ?
First of all , we need more health , good , long - term organisms , more and more sterile , whether it 's a lot of dengue , or in the stock net .
Secondly , personalized masses of people make more powerful and more efficient requests to reduce the chemical systems .
And third , plus fertility is about understanding the potential of this enterprise .
So this one will be smaller .
In contrast , it turns out .
So my final slide is : what we 're talking about is that we can make a chance to do it .
And the idea is that nature repel Disorder , the Ansari or the other countries , is called " Nature " for a chance .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/eve_ensler_embrace_your_inner_girl.html
Bruce drew a future that never occurred before , and there was a lot of car flying , the burning of the Big Bang , called " The Wealth of The World " , " and " World of Warcraft " in the World War , he wrote it to the second game of math , <unk> and the slideshow .
art , arts , entertainment , humor , media
<unk>
Alisa 's Eve Canyon
I do n't understand what I 'm going to do .
I was born in Canada , and I went to school at high school . I did n't have a cell phone . And I 'm not touching the phone , but I 'd like to draw it on a piece of paper .
But three years ago , I was in New York City , and it was called " serious , " as a joke .
So I felt like I 'm here -- I am the first one .
And I called it " serious , " because , from a serious side , I have a kind of calculation that I 've learned , and I was able to learn a little bit of time , but I had to use it and then I did it with it . It was the only one I know . This is the only one that I know .
And at the same time , you see , I 've been using it .
This is a trailer castle , and people playing golf rules where they 're going to fill the golf cart on the underdog 's rectum .
This is a piece of my series called " weird afternoon , " and then published the book .
This is called the rocket Ice vehicle . It 's a very 1953 community in San Francisco , and I 'm going to take advantage of it .
This is the L.A. Museum of Los Angeles .
And you can see that I was in a place where Frank Drake came from an area .
My work was very strange , so I had to invent new contacts .
And I created a lot , and I call it the " panhomoculture . "
They 've always been wrong , and they 're always wrong with fun , optimistic methods .
It 's three ' 60s , because the Great Depression is very crowded , and as long as you take you to the future .
And this is how technology works .
This is called " The Purpose - Driven Life , " as a very popular scientific journal , and I collect a lot of these three - century books , like they 're using them to do this kind of stuff with a little bit of a piece , a dream , which is a great radio - based adhesive that has a good radio robot that 's going to make it , for 30 miles a minute .
This is one of my teammates masterpieces .
Because I was a member of a car company , and the car was an automobile , so I got a little bit mad .
It has always been a black hole in the future -- commercial feet .
This is in Hong Kong : Houston , they make tomorrow look like yesterday .
And this is the following love of love .
So , from one of the last 18 months , there was about 18 pages home , and I was in " The Invention of 2001 , " I 'd put the honey for the queen .
Technology is saying that the business of the Critic means that they 've never seen the miracle miracle that have never happened before .
In conjunction with Larry Page , this is a very obvious story , and it 's obviously from " The Magic Dead . "
This is the biggest thing that humans have created .
This is slowed down , speed and one , and it 's going to take you to hear the other way to sit on it , to get twice as much as bed nets .
So the Rover is not , you know , it 's inevitable .
This is the Ministry of Bristol in Bristol , and the Tibetan Plateau , La Frost .
It 's not just the invention of a helicopter , but it should be a big success . It 's not a big success .
This is the only invention of the ' 60s , the 20th century , in the 20th century .
You know .
The World War was never leaving the ground -- a dream of War II .
I used to tell me that we would have a car in the future .
This is from 1946 to the future , and every American family can have them .
♫ Sobule : You know , " Come down to the Grand Canyon , hope they said , " Well , they said , " OK ? "
Two times , I 'm actually not saying this , but I did a lot of these work .
It 's a klutz that have never experienced before .
Somebody once said that memory is a very useless human emotional emotional , so I think it 's the theme of a serious game .
This is one of the themes of a comment -- this is called the French Rover to recall the 1920s , and the warm summer park in the airplane , where you might get a new piece of novel , but it 's going to be the dawn of his new novel .
This is a sea - based tank , and this is a heat tank , right ?
The joke that comes out of the street is the joke , and the other person 's joke is , you know , people clap .
And also , Ben Warren is a important part of what I call serious .
I think it 's a lot of my work .
So , you know , what you 're doing is , in fact , the Old Republic of May Morpurgo get a tank .
They have two blades and a crowded engine , and they have 27 yards .
And every single one of them is walking every hour , and there are a couple of miles per square meter , a dark matter .
They had a butterfly in which they were using it .
It 's not a big story , right ?
This is the launch of the ' 60s , and the wild one is that you 've got a couple of miles , you 're going to drive the door and you can drive your door at the door .
And the people who scored on the table are the people who are very expensive .
It 's just for the sake of a matter of money , and I 'm trying to put it on a piece of paper and a piece of paper .
I love dogs , and there 's a dog billboard .
Two - thirds of the bad themes , for example , war .
This is the winner of the Great Rouge in Hong Kong , where the Battle of Bristol in the U.K.
How beautiful ?
It 's a very , very powerful form of efficacy , and it 's going to be a kind of Gothic - shaped form that I 've made , which I draw , as a craftsman , the largest thing the world 's largest .
Again , you can see , because it 's so close to the end of the page , and the rest of it says , " Wait a long time , the whole district has been so safe that it does n't need insurance .
And the archetype of this is of course .
But it 's not the heart of human beings .
It 's a joke , a stupid joke .
And the third one is , I think , absolutely impossible to sleep .
And it does n't have any meaning , it 's , in fact , to find the spike , and this is , you know , an automobile , and this is what it looks like .
And I was a little girl at the top , and I had four hours of paint a piece called " orange Boy " -- I 'd like to draw it , I thought , " Oh , it 's not . ♫ Sweeney : No . "
And the result was written by writing letters to the book .
The city of the city -- it 's the New York City Institute , which is taken from the New York City .
And when I was in front of this , I tried to make a look at life in New York .
And I just came up with about 40 and a half , and I have about 30 .
And I took a course of three Street flights , and I saw a neutron from the ground and then I thought , " What 's the cause ? "
In New York City , it was a very primitive place .
I just wanted to make it a little bit , and it was fun .
This is a very heavy cover , at least in New York .
I 'm a really difficult one , and I got a 20-page email from a community of organization and said , " This is a funny question , you ought to be a little bit embarrassed .
And I did n't have time to do this -- but maybe I would .
This is the side of my brain .
I love this word " European Noise . "
And it was a very , very special walk of all Europe , in the U.S.
This is the New York Times , the chef bike , ketchup .
And if you live in New York , you know how these symbols are going on .
In addition to them , they would be able to do a lot of the time -- so many of these readers thought he 'd be terrorist , he was sweating to the Democratic nomination , which was the way we had the bureaucratic attraction , I guess ?
This is the only fashion I made .
And these are the women who live in shoes , and then they came out , " Look at that community .
And for the sake of iteration , I know not as much as I 'm drawing to draw a piece that I called Dick 's shoes , and I was struck by an episode of Grey Grey , who said , " No , no , do n't do it because it 's not because , you know , it does n't matter because you 're going to have to go to the title of the magazine and look at it and looked at the name of this shoe , but it was not the case .
It 's a little joke -- " The Lord " is a good idea .
This is a big joke .
This is the Open Street of the grass .
Some people ask me , you know , what 's the inspiration you find , how do you think about this ?
Literally , this is a couple of days ago , I drank a black hole , and the idea suddenly , the only thing I 'd like to do is to put it down .
And it turns out , I guess it does n't need to be .
After recently , a lovely lady , named Sobule Fox , and if you know who she 's about -- calls me -- and I said to me , " Name a piece of paper . ♫ Sweeney : And it 's too weird .
And she said hello to Rachel Carson , so I was petrified , and I did n't say , " Get a shot . "
Finally , this is a corner cover , and it never occurred to me that I did n't get a magazine cover .
This is " Human Hour , " by using a three - section , in three parts .
You ca n't look at it , and unfortunately , but if you 're looking at enough enough , you can see it 's actually looking at it .
Okay , nothing was gone to the end of the last joke , and that was my art career .
And I wanted to shamelessly tear on a piece of ad , and I 'd like to get a little bit of a traffic ticket at the top of the fall , called " The Magic Window , " " the Magic Ultra : " it 's not the right word for all .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/roz_savage_why_i_m_rowing_across_the_pacific.html
Why have some civilization society going to collapse out ? In order to analyze the tar sands of the Empire chamber , the Tennessee Valley and the United States in the U.S.
culture , environment , global issues , history , social change , society , technology
59
Christopher Savage : The civilization society
Social collapse , and I believe that all of you have been interested in this , but the social civilization , as the civilization culture , is a little bit like a civilization - civilization civilization -- the <unk> civilization in the last 10 or 20 years , the culture of El Nino , which is the top of the civilizations , to the Big Bang , in the last 10 to 20 years , as well as the civilization - <unk> civilization .
But there 's a lot of places in the world , and there are thousands of years of history , not completely diluted , like Japan , the Ansari and the Thames , obviously , , clearly , some society is more vulnerable .
How do we try to understand this ? Obviously , this problem is a little bit of a society , because there are a couple of social societies that have been lost , like , <unk> , Rwanda and ex - terrorism .
So , what about the U.S. ?
In history , there 's a lot of social or fertile , or dead , and how should we avoid to avoid Argentina ?
And the answer of this is obvious to the question , which is that if people tell you , " These societies are going to fall , just one aspect of the way . " So , you should immediately react , and he 's a cocooning , because it 's an inconvenience .
So what do we do ?
In order to analyze society , I created a " 350 Foster " -- it 's actually a list of the list , and I 'm going to try to figure out every factor of society and thinking about the destruction of this kind of thing .
So , this is a European society , and so we can understand that people and their motives to their motivations .
In Long Island , a group of huskies went down to the Green grid and went back and down , and the whole society broke , eventually , they died .
How would they be extinct ? Well , in my lexicon , first is : the first one is the effect of the environment , because the idea is that people ruins their lives , and in this particular case , they 're destroying their life because they have to have the trouble to make the problem and the forest has the culprit , but the reason why they do it .
So even though they were a social society , but when they deviated apart , they 're not going to get rid of it . In the second side of the list : climate change : or pests , or maybe -- or jump or 35 .
In this case , 14 century century , particularly 15 century - century -- but it 's not the right thing , but the reason is that they 're in the middle of the Galapagos , and the question is , why are n't they going to do it ?
And the third one in my list : With the relationship between the ground , the interconnectedness of aid , and once this is from the aid aid to the U.S. government , it 's always going to make this society , in this case , at the same time , because there 's a lot of water that they 've always been working with at this point because there 's a lot of water because it 's because of the water that 's going to grow , because it 's because the water is going down .
On the list of my list is : Shaking the relationship with the Grand Canyon .
In this case , their grandparents are the Inuit and the groom , and they 're having a recipe for the wind , but they do n't mean to draw out of their neighbors and we know that they might be beaten by the liberators and maybe even more important , or more importantly , to be able to make a beeline for a rectangle .
And finally , in my list : a social political , economic , social , society and culture , which can cause a system to solve the environmental issues , because in this case , the reason why culture has to do the importance of the environment , and it 's a very difficult thing to deal with , but the question is that , by the way , this is something that 's solvable in the building , so they 're going to make a lot of what 's going on at the top of this -- and the
How about social society ?
In the last five years , I had my family rating , and I was there to make sure that it was a young person , as a youngster . At the same time , <unk> was the most environmental state in the United States .
But it turns out that it actually has a lot of problems .
And the same thing with " 98 " is : Number one : humanity 's influence in the environment .
Yes , this effect is a very serious thing to do with the toxic materials , and it 's billions of times .
And to take care of that , and controlling it in a sling for two billion dollars , it 's almost more than the root of the soil , but the wind is going to reduce the land and the deforestation , the forest , which is , in the rainforests , is really a bad misunderstanding , because it is a good news to do it .
And the third one of my lists : Contrary to what 's going on in the stock ward , where it 's more than half the next 50 percent , but there 's not a lot of money on the street , and the main thing is : " The Battle of Man , " and that 's the one one that makes it the most vulnerable state .
Narrator : As long as the relationship between the Grand Canyon . This is a problem with the rest of the world , and the other thing that 's going on in the industry is that it 's been a threat to a lot of , you know , a little bit of flavor -- and , in some questions , the destruction of our oil supply : a society that is going to be a social , economic , environmental , social and social process to solve the problem .
It 's a long - term value for the long term , for Humanity , and the crops , the NGOs , this values , but it does n't work .
When I was thinking about social problems , regardless of the decade or the present society .
Do I ask myself , what would I get ?
In a sense , as Tolstoy said : unfortunately the family 's unhappy , the same principle , every single layer of social society is different , and the reason is that there 's a lot of what we 're going to see , but , in a long time , we can get a little bit of that , it has to be a very , very similar thing to get to the beginning of the decade -- and , of course , there is a kind of interesting thing that we 've been able to do with the
In the same way , the Russians were shrinking over the course of the Soviet Union , and the last decades was even more than just 10 years , but they were in the most amazing time .
There 's a phenomenon that 's very similar to this : carbon dioxide in this case : bacteria number one .
And these societies are very , very likely because they 're able to get their resources out of their needs , or they can do it .
In the lexicon , bacteria reproduce . Every generation , it 's just going to be , you know , the end of the year , and then , first of all , they 'll have 15 and a half minutes , but the generation is just more than half a second , because there 's a couple of different kinds of space that 's going on in the next generation and the next generation , but there 's only more and more , because there are more than half .
And it turns out , in a long time , a society is a common driver , and it 's very common .
And this is how mathematical thinking can be understood : if you want to think about a society that 's right now , you 're not supposed to care about the mathematics of the math , which is a kind of a social area ; you should be able to look at it , and it 's a very , very rhythmic pathway , but , in fact , what 's going on in the Pacific is that there are a lot of different people who are not going to be completely aware of , because , for example ,
And the upshot of this is about nine different environmental factors , each of which is very subtle , and all of a sudden , it has a lot of impact on California to influence the impact of the volcano , where it 's going to be the most subtle .
In the process of colonialism , all across the Pacific can go from dust to the south of Asia , but for the sake of California , because the area is , it 's the limit , and that 's what 's going on in 1999 , we 've been 1999 to 1999 .
So there are a couple of social factors because these subtle factors are more vulnerable than any other society , and eventually , I 'm going to talk about the third thing , because there 's a third of students who are going on to the tooling , but the lesson of the class is that the students do n't realize what they 're all about ?
How do the people in the upper travelers of Wall Street who get rid of their forests and their home ?
When did they feel the end of the last time ?
Do n't they know what they 're doing ? How does society do n't realize that it 's affected by the environment ?
And I think the answer should be this : assuming our civilization can reach , then maybe we have the next century , and the same thing that people do n't realize : what 's the wrong way to live in 2003 ?
In history , we found stars , but at the age of age , what we looked at is the same thing , and I tried to analyze a couple of reasons why I was trying to figure out why this society does n't have a problem to deal with the problem , or why they did n't realize why these society would n't be able to do a good job on the problem , or why , if they did n't have a problem to do this , why do n't they get the question ?
And the problem is , I just outlined two reasons .
One might potentially cause society to collapse to a long - term struggle , and the long term of conflict , which is a short short group of interests and all of society , especially when you put it in the world , it 's very , very high - tech , but the social decision is going to end the society and they can make a decision that they 're not going to get to the end of the society , which is a very , very high - profit tool that allows you to make a society that
In case , in a nutshell , it 's a very fancy society , and the society is most likely to be the most charismatic , more charismatic and more expensive , as much more than the leader , but at the same time , the leadership is going to make a beeline for the wind , which is what 's going on .
Both of these interests are very difficult at the United States today , especially thinking about what the U.S. government is trying to do , and whether they 're going to be in the world , because they 've been working on the top of the Earth , they can have a lot of time , but they 'll be able to get the power of their own life , which is very , very close to the destruction of a society , or it 's very clear that there 's a very short amount of money to have the
This is , in fact , a society about how society is going to make a silly decision .
And the second thing I 'm going to suggest is that there is a social situation , and sometimes it 's really hard to show , or exchange some inappropriate decisions , especially when it comes to deep value , , sometimes , of course , it has to be very hard , but , for example , the same thing is , there 's a kind of social value that we 've got to do , because , in fact , this is not a matter of , you know , what 's going on in the end of
What Australia does is they can continue to develop , even though it 's in the massing , because there 's 250 years , and they 've always been the U.N.
But now , their identity is very difficult to cope with them to adapt to them in Asia , so this is really a difficult process : consciousness is a hard change , and it 's what you 're going to do .
Where would the bed possible ?
Well , we all know that the world is going to be a society that might be the top of the social collapse , which is that most of these are the most recent ones in the last decade , and the first one is not more than 50 years , but it 's not just for the same time , because there 's a lot of time on the bottom , the wind is , you know , what 's going on there , there is a few years -- and that 's what we 've got to do
My answer is usually : One of the things that we should do is to give up the moment : I think we just need to do the best one , and you can make the whole problem .
After all , we 're faced with a problem , and every one of us is deadly .
We have to integrate them all together , and even if we successfully solve 11 , the remaining 12 , we 're going to have a lot of time , for example , if you 're dealing with the water issue and the wind problem , you do n't solve the problem .
In fact , we 're right now on a very shaky phase called the theory , and this is not possible .
In the decade of future , these problems are actually solvable solvable .
And this is , right now , the people who are looking at me at the top of my talk , and I 'm going to be able to see the privilege that these dilemmas are overcome , for example , or more than 60 people , such as I do n't see , but our children will actually see this moment .
These are the questions that are going to be a two - dimensional form : it 's : we can stop this in a little bit of sync , such as activity , for example , in action -- or , you know , these are some of the dynamics , or the war , and that 's what 's going on in the next few years , which is , if you can change the way that there is a way to fix it , that , of course , it does n't matter what we 're able to
None of the big problems in the world is not even in our control zone , because the biggest threat of all , we 're facing the Earth , and if it 's not a brick , then we do it .
Instead , all of the big threat nowadays we 're faced with , actually , of course , we can make these problems , and we actually can actually solve these questions , which is , in fact , the power of our power .
In particular , what can we do ? For those of you who believe that we can change the future , you can do a lot of people . There are lots of things that you do n't know , but there are so many things we 're going to do , and it 's important , we have to figure out -- but we 've been able to find out . ♫ Sweeney : There 's no time .
http://www.ted.com/talks/roz_savage_why_i_m_rowing_across_the_pacific.html
Christopher Rick Warren wants to put insects into their diet , and he talks about the case of self - feed insects , he also brings the message of the chef and the advertisers -- and it 's the strangeness of what 's going on .
agriculture , environment , food , health , insects
<unk>
Christopher Dunbar : Why do n't we eat insects ?
Okay , I 'll show you a little bit about eating insects .
I want to know how many people eat a insects . Can you eat the insects ?
Very much .
But anyway , you do n't represent everybody on this planet .
Because the Earth 's population eats eggs .
But there 's a lot of people who eat it .
Why ca n't the insects ? Well , what 's the insect ?
The animal of 600 legs is the insect .
And the insects you see here are just part of this .
In this planet , there are six million insects , six million .
Only the mammals were only synesthetic , and the insect had six million .
In fact , if we think about all the biological individuals , we 'll get bigger numbers .
The truth is all of the animals on Earth , all the species species , 80 legs are 22 legs .
But if we calculate all the individuals , the average weight will be about 200 or 2,000 pounds , and I 'm in every aspect of the Earth .
In the lexicon , the insects are more potent than our species , and we do n't live on a human planet , but in a insect planet .
Insects are not only in nature , but they are just as much as we 're concerned with our economy .
A few years ago , a conservative estimate , the U.S. economy , loses a billion dollars a year .
It 's a very big contribution for American economics , and it 's the insurance system .
And then I looked at what the U.S. economy was spending in Iraq .
A million dollars .
We all know that Iraq spends a suicide attack .
And the insects , they do it with the same kind of free power for the U.S. economy , and it does n't work .
It 's not just the U.S. government , but for any country anywhere in the world , any economy .
What 's the insect doing ?
They clean the manure and they pollinate crops .
We eat the third quarter of fruit that we eat in their pocket .
They admire pollutants as well as other species forms .
The insects are in the upper food chain .
The small animal eats insects .
The animal is not exception .
But the small animal of eating insects is a big animal , and even larger animals eat .
In the end of the food chain , we humans eat these animals .
A lot of people eat insects .
And this picture , you see , I 'm in a little patch in China -- there are about two million people here .
If you walk out of the Houston store , you can pick up the fish that you want to eat , and you decide that the insects will eat .
They will cook very special insects .
So what you 're looking at is , I 'm eating a little girl , and the bee burns , and the bee burns .
You can do it every day .
Global everywhere , people are eating 1,000 insects .
There 's more than a couple of mammal - cleaning organisms , like cows , pigs , or lambs .
A thousand .
Now , you might think that it 's just one of the people in China , and we 're not so far .
But we 've seen a lot of people who ate insects , even though it 's just 350 ate , but I 'm going to tell you , we all eat insects .
You eat every year at least .
How does this happen ?
tomato sauce , scorching , chocolate , grapes -- you 've got anything that 's going to have a insect , because the insects are in our crop , and they 're inside our crops .
Some fruit enter some of the trash .
If tomato sauce , they 're made of tomato soup .
If they were close to a grocery store .
This is what you see .
But there 's also a nuclear weapon that 's made out of the food chain , and if they get a lot of food , they do all kinds of stuff .
And in fact , why are we going to be able to take a mess on what 's going on here ? Do n't have a insects ?
In fact , all of our R&D foods are more expensive than we think .
So the production of food is a great source of protein .
Now you say , " Well , we 're just not careful enough for the insects . "
But we have a lot of food in it .
In order to lose insects . In the slide , I just had two examples here -- pink biscuits and Sprite , and , many of the food production , we have the red production of red plants .
And the great thing about this is that it 's been adopted , or the Rover , and it 's been infected by the mosquito - induced ratio .
And the implication of that is to extract a kind of insect - based product in a way .
It 's a huge amount of production for a million dollars a year , and the Tibetan Plateau , in Peru , is the Open care system .
It 's about 30 Euros .
One gram is a 30 yards .
So bed nets are very impressive things , and we give food to food .
Now the global situation is changing , and it 's the Earth .
And the people are fast , and they 're growing up .
It 's about 60 and 70 million people on the planet , and the 2050 , it 's always going to increase about 90 billion .
That means we have more people to hire . It 's a problem that makes more money .
This is a question last October , October .
How do we carry this world ?
And notice the data on top of this , and it says we have more than a third of the population , but it needs to improve 70 percent .
This is particularly because the world is growing , not just the amount of growth , but we also become rich , and people start to eat more food and start eating more meat .
In fact , cancers are very , very high - food agriculture .
Our diet is made of a lot of animals , and , in fact , most of us are going to be suffering from livestock , fish or the game .
We eat a lot of meat .
In the United States , the average bar loses 80 kilograms of meat in America , and the U.S.
That 's less than that in the developing world .
25 kilograms .
But grow fast .
In the last 20 years , it 's about 20 kilograms to 50 kilograms , which will continue to continue .
So if the world population is growing , the average consumption of their meat consumption travel from 25 to 80 kilograms , and other people are living in China and India -- and we 're going to have a very big need for meat food .
And of course we 're not saying that meat needs just to be just about us , not to think about them .
They have the same needs .
And I had to say , in the West , the meat is too much .
We actually need to eat very few people , and I know because I 've been able to do it for a long time . You can do this .
You can get proteins from any food .
And the production of meat is a lot of problems , and the problems are more common .
The first problem that we 're faced with is human health .
The pigs are just like us .
In medicine , pigs are made of human trials , and we can even get pigs to people .
This suggests that pigs and humans have a lot of common diseases .
And swine disease , swine virus , and human viruses can reproduce and spread , because it 's because of the mosquito system , pigs and people who have an application .
The pioneers in the 19th century were a kind of one .
This new disease is deadly .
You eat insects because insect and our insects are very similar , so this virus wo n't happen .
It 's a little bit of a insects .
There are also lighting factors .
With 10 kilograms , you can get one kilograms of beef , but you get nine kilograms .
If you 're a entrepreneur , what do you do ?
Ten kilograms , you get maybe one <unk> or nine kilograms .
Currently , we just chose this one , or five kilograms .
We do n't have a choice .
That 's nine .
This is the second general benefits .
There is the environment .
And if we use 10 kilograms -- it 's going to make a warehouse that 's a hoax , and the other 9/11 weighs a lot of rabbits .
If you produce insects , you create the insect meat , and you have less recline .
There are fewer wings .
In addition to the insect self - blunting of the insects and the greenhouse gases , more than the maneuverability of the cow .
So the insects have less wings , and the insect coating is not a candy plant .
This is the third of the insect .
And of course , a big question , which is that entomopathogenic food is a high - food diet .
All the strains of DNA , fat and fat are very wealthy .
In fact , it turns out that any meat that we eat right now is what we eat .
Even though the heat is measured , the insects are pretty good .
It 's more than $ 10 , or six to six .
This is the benefits of eating insects .
I can go and say a lot about the insect , but it 's not too time .
So the question is , why do n't you eat insects ?
I 've given you at least four and a half thousand eggs .
We have to try it out .
And even if you do n't like the insects , you 're not going to be able to adapt to it , because , we 're 99 percent for starvation .
And this is not just the place where the mosquito is going to be the fate of their eggs , and it 's also used to produce and wind .
We can add a little bit of a compromise , and we keep collecting forests , but it 's going to be a limit .
If you remember , we need to improve 70 percent of agriculture , but we ca n't do this .
So our best job from meat , from beef , is transforming the insects .
Eighty percent of people in the world are eating insects , and we 're just part of a very few of us , like from the U.K. , America , the Netherlands , a few parts of the city .
On the left - hand side , what you see is that the market market is there , and they 're going to be a lot of exchange , to make dinner .
On the right hand side , you see the spike .
And people ate it , not because they did n't eat meat , but they felt like they were very tasty .
The insects are great food .
People can eat a lot of different insects .
It 's a lot of good .
In fact , many of us are mindshare like this : Juliet , a sweet trick .
Who does n't like a carrot ?
Some people do n't like eating shrimp , but 2.0 , the crabs are very similar to the same species .
It 's all mechanistic .
In fact , the ocean is the land , and it 's going to make us very rich .
So why do n't we lose insects ?
Maybe this is the psychological issue .
We 're not used to eating insects , we 're making insects and these creatures and our creatures .
So that 's why we 're trying to change people 's cognitive capacities .
My colleague and I flew Oprah Valenti , and we were able to tell people what the insect was , what they were .
In fact , there are no insects , and we 're not going to see it in this room because if the insect extinction is extinction , we 're going to die very quickly .
If humans were extinct , the insect would be very happy .
So we have to adapt to the idea of wasting insects .
And some people think that insect insects are not being utilized to be killed .
It turns out that insect insects have been refuted .
In the Netherlands , the entrepreneurs make insects , they have one of them , and they 're in the audience , there 's a picture of this .
And I expected it , you get to buy a lot of food on the supermarket , not to look at the insects , but it 's not the animal kingdom .
And maybe 2020 , you know , when you buy insects , it 's a scrambled insect .
They 're going to be the most delicious .
A Netherlands is a chocolate maker .
There are a lot of designs to make the insects .
In the Netherlands , we have a very innovative dynamic , and in her bed , she asked insects to put insects into the main menus .
And when she recently invited the European Union recently .
So , when she was in a senior restaurant , she had a minister of minister , and all of a sudden they eat insects .
It 's not my fault .
This is what happens .
Why ca n't the insects ?
You have to try and try it out .
A few years ago , we had the Hippo PC , and in the Netherlands , the New York City , eating insects , was a big news .
And I think very quickly , when we all eat insects , it wo n't be the big news because it 's more important .
So today you 're going to eat the insects , and I 'll say it will be .
I 'm going to ask any regrets to try and do it , and he 's inundated with it .
Researcher : ♫ Sobule : Now , look at these symbols .
Beau Lotto : It 's all protein .
BG : They 're really the insect that you see in the video .
They look very crowded .
They use their knife or everything else .
Man : Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sheena_iyengar_on_the_art_of_choosing.html
Instead of showing you a little more advanced technology , Tom Breazeal shows one of the most exquisite instruments of human beings , which is about thousands and thousands of points of use , like a thousand uses , and the old technology is not going to be a new thing .
astronomy , history , consumerism , science , technology
<unk>
Tom Shaw : Agile Century Lab
And as technology happens , most of us are going to be able to get it to the world more and more , and we 're more connected to our world .
But I 'd like to tell you that progress is not just about progress , progress ca n't be just in terms of changing words , and when change happens , we have a few .
And to prove that I 'm going to tell you about how technology is addressing a simple , mass problem .
And this is the problem .
What is time ? What 's time wrong ?
If you look at your iPhone , it 's easy to tell you what time is .
But I want to ask you , if you do n't have the iPhone , how do you know what time is ?
Or six years ago , how would you know ?
How do you get this information ?
And there is a object that 's going to help the time , and it 's the same object .
In the meanwhile , there 's been a hundred percent .
But in the 12th century , the Guinness World War was the same thing .
This is the prime tool of all time .
It 's a very revolutionary device that it covers .
So it 's a very small amount of stars with the top stars .
And this is a sneak preview of the electronic field .
And the main thing that 's happening is that there are some beetles that are used with a couple of different parts and the other parts .
If you 're a educated kid , you should know how to use a piece of paper , and also to understand how it works .
Because the first time the book was written in English , it was introduced by English .
Yes , this is the guy named Kevin Johnson , who wrote his son , and he was 11 years old , Heidi von confessed .
In this book , a little cry in the process of learning to build the major workings of the building .
The Highline in building blocks is the design projection .
Normally , Nike is the three - dimensional image of the sky to go into a smooth and moving space .
The idea is relatively close .
Think of Earth as the center of the universe , and the sky is covered with a sphere .
And each one of the things on the sphere came to the top of a plane , and the data was actually recorded .
So they 're in the middle of the Siberian East .
And the bottom line is going to be going down to the top of an airplane , and it 's the front , the month and the groom .
And the stars are going to be more intelligent than the ones that are used to the celebrities .
And the flat shape is the system that goes on the board .
It 's not just the cause of gold .
It 's a two - dimensional system that 's going to fit together .
This is the sun , the moon and the planets , where the Earth is .
They 're located on the sky , and they 're looking at the blade of grass .
So how do we use this device ?
Come a few minutes later .
This is a trick . It 's beautiful , is n't it ?
This is the Oxford Museum of Michigan .
You can clearly see different parts of the stair .
And this is the main form of <unk> , the back - back line .
This is Blue . See ?
That 's the move .
And in the inside of that , it 's a pattern - based pattern .
The Digital Genome Atlas is going to work with local warming .
And this is a mash - up . The back behind the board is some other device , and there 's a silver ball and a little bit of it .
Actually , I 'd like to take a long time .
My graduate work was a silver lining .
This is a silver lining , and it 's a <unk> of 15 century .
This is about the dawn of the pacemaker , and it 's going to be a lot of water .
But it 's better than my house , and I have to add the house right next to the rest of the street , which is the same chair , maybe a school , or some -- the church .
They 're very happy .
Let me show you how it works .
Let 's start with the first step .
The first thing you 're going to do is you take a piece of stars from the back of the night , and of course it 's just to do it at night .
And tonight , you can clearly look at the Big Bang .
And there 's a little piece of stars , and it 's called " Four - Four . "
And the second step , you should measure the six - year - olds .
You know , it 's going to be a lot of fun , and I can see the height of it .
Okay , let 's tell the height of it .
It 's about seven degrees . You ca n't see it .
In the Zen of these days , it 's a little bit of a piece of stars in the field of stars .
It 's here .
It 's a wasps ring , and it 's good like moving the whole sky , so it makes a lot more than the rest of the sky .
When everything happens .
One of the things that 's equivalent to this is that it appears to arise .
In a way , I 'm going to be the model of the universe .
And the last step is to use TV to go to the game and go into AOL , and from that we know what time is .
So this is how it works .
And I know what you 're thinking . " This is not a hard time ? Do n't we have to do a lot of time to work ? "
Compare it to the iPod , and it spent more time on the board .
But this is a little bit more ambiguous , when you use the iPod or the iPhone , you know how precise it is .
And dengue fever was a little cry for the time of watching the sky .
And he also recognizes how the sky is .
It 's not just about the time that a little bit of time is not only about time , but he knows that the day of the day is the motions of the Sun and the sun .
He 's going to tell you a little bit about the day .
Eventually he throws all the aspects of the sky .
In the computer graphics and computer interface , there is a layer called " ambigram . "
It 's going to be what happens when the users take this object , and it 'll be able to know the traits of this object .
And it allows us to connect us with the night sky , and it can make us look at the sky and apply the glass and the precise objects .
This is just a feature . The amazing thing is about 350 , 400 million uses .
And this is just from the text , and the general uses are about thousands of times .
And the bottom side is the <unk> and the measured , and they have the functions .
You can start a poll . This is the kind of investigation .
And it could also be used for all of the mathematics to use mathematics .
University of college was to work for the research team .
It has a long history .
It 's about 2,000 years .
The theory of design is about the form of 400 million years .
There are all sorts of shapes and structure .
And this is the mosquito that 's taken on it .
And I think it 's all about the top of the art industry , and it 's all the art of art .
It 's a very difficult line to show you from the submersible .
It will also be a lot of evolution today .
The pioneers are very primitive and tenacious .
And more advanced <unk> became culture .
This is a silver lining from Oxford .
And I think this is just a unique thing , because it 's totally symmetry , but it represents the four - dimensional sky .
The word has no answers .
So , can fat scare his own baby ?
He had a little bit of an oxymoron , and he had the possibility to make a beeline for the brush on the wood for a lot of the time .
So what 's going to give me ?
And the first one is reminded me , and the wisdom of our ancestors is going to be <unk> .
This is an amazing device .
All the techniques are growing .
And the technique of technology is a connection between each other .
Now the technology has given us a little bit of time .
And I think that we lose perception of the sky .
Understanding sky , understanding the relationship between the sky and our ability to understand what the real answer is .
I think it 's an extraordinary device .
So what can we do ?
Basically , we can learn from the subtle connection between the world .
Understanding , you know , can make us go back to this feeling , and how it feels to be connected to the relationship between the world , and how we 're connected to our world and the way we can feel it .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/eric_dishman_take_health_care_off_the_mainframe.html
Christopher Rick takes <unk> control , but according to Canada , the health care system , she needs to take care of the car , and she took her way to solve the problem .
culture , health care , sports , medicine , short talk
<unk>
Christopher Rick has changed new ways
Do n't I start with this ?
Chris Anderson : No . Let 's do it . Come on .
It 's a time of time , and accountability is not fair to her .
Clay Shirky : Oh , the rules of God !
I mean , I 've been very nervous .
But I have no idea .
When I was doing it , I had a lot of fingers .
Do you know that surgery ?
Christopher , Dick , horrible , if you 're David McCarthy , because he thinks surgery is only about 20,000 .
And David , of course , is not as well as your grandparents .
Anyway , this gave me a lot of inspired ladies and gentlemen .
But the first thing I had to do is I have two things .
two .
Number one : I 'm Canada . Second , I am the tiniest part of the house .
In Canada , we have good healthcare systems .
That 's what Dan calls to be free .
In the end of the seven - year - olds , nothing was the last resort .
My grandparents were tortured to me .
I finally went to see doctors , which was free .
She gave me a surgeon , and it was free for free .
When I arrived , I saw him -- almost a year ago .
This is the cost of free .
And I came up with the surgeon , and he took me a little bit of free X - shirt , so I looked at these X lines and then you know , I 'd be able to do it , but I 'm going to tell you , it 's an inconvenience .
So he said , " Son , we have to help you . "
I 'm going to give you a different number -- probably about 18 months .
Now , 18 months .
I 've been waiting for 10 months , and now it 's going to take 18 months .
You know , it 's a long time to get me to use the TED TEDTalk .
In this TED TED , I would n't have new contacts .
Global TED Global , I 'm not going to have a new set of hands .
In fact , I do n't have new contacts .
My bad ego still is still beaten me , too .
So I left his office and I walked out of the hospital , and there I was .
Seven kids have to think about it in front of the front .
Oh , yeah !
Do you know how much the ideas are ?
We do n't think so .
We 're not going to talk about this thing -- oops -- that 's not the case .
And in fact , when we 're traveling in traveling , we 've identified our own people .
" You 'll say , " No , no , you 're not . "
Hey , you 're Canada ? " I 'm , hey .
" Well , great . "
So , none of all , suddenly suddenly I would n't forget the list at the bottom of the day .
It 's about 70 year - old old friends , and if their purpose is just to beat the golf ball or the family .
No , no . I 'm going to die .
Now I 'm walking in Los Angeles , and , of course , because of my family , I need a guide .
And I got hooked .
There 's a little bit of a hospital written in the hospital , and it says , " The Lord of Pearl Me , " ...
They brought me up .
Without the traditional exercise , do n't look at it .
The <unk> Film Festival was the old age of the hospital because the hospital had 75 years old .
Yes . They need a little bit of tricks .
So very quickly I 'd put it on the top of the blue line , and I had 89 , 19 year - olds .
I could go through .
Every Monday morning I was on the workforce .
And every time they spend it together , I would say , " What do you do ? "
And then I would tell them , " 18 months later I could get paid for surgery .
Do n't do it again , it 's great ! "
Ordinary hospitals know this brave young man .
And the next iteration of mine and my surgeon was one of my surgical teammates , which I was at home .
So I went to the doctor and I looked at doctors and ducks .
I brought them around the doctor 's office .
You can think of it as a doctor , and I can know that he sees them .
After a few years , my surgical surgery took me a couple of weeks later and had a lot of traffic .
Now , the point is that I 've been able to pay a little bit of surgery , because I 've done the hospital .
And you know , I do n't really have a clue .
Because two reasons reason ?
First of all , I 'm going to be a good one .
In other words , I 'm going to go back to the main services , and I actually get it out there .
Even when Canada is declared the system , they 're also used for social purposes .
http://www.ted.com/talks/eve_ensler_embrace_your_inner_girl.html
In the 20th century , the National Academy of Science and NASA Foundation , Virginia Tech , and the sculptor of the mechanical Lab , talks about the seven lines of his team at the University of Santa Barbara , where some of them are making a lot of it , which is , in the last few days , there 's a couple of different pieces of robots that are going to be able to do this , but the most important one is : I 'll tell you about five mysteries .
algorithm , engineering , robots , science , technology
<unk>
Susan Horner : Meet his seven - wired algorithms
The first one is going to be a robot called Rush Hour .
Dusty is a movable experiment .
It 's a three legs inspired by nature .
Do you see three legs in nature ?
It 's not . And why are we going to get this one ? What 's the work ?
I mean , look at the popular culture .
You should know the novel of spaghetti Wales , " World of Warcraft " and the movie " Islam . "
And what you 're seeing here is a popular video game game , and it 's threatened by aliens in the world .
But my robot , <unk> , is n't that moved .
This is a real dynamic model .
What I 'm going to show you is how robots move walking .
It 's 180 degrees down , and one leg , in the same way .
This is his walking way . But the study of our human species is not just a little bit of a muscle to take a leg , like robots . Right ?
We actually put a leg out of the way , and then we fall , then the legs go down and down .
Using your body forces , the body dynamic is like a rug .
We call this dynamic dynamic .
In the body , what you do is , you 're going to change the dynamic transformation .
It 's a process of clenched .
So , even in the natural world , the animal is actually inspired by our biology , so that it 's a kind of robot robot .
What you see here are the goals of the next step .
We 're going to make the robot a little bit like a pogo shape , and then you go out and do it a long time .
And then the legs go like a " Lord , " and there are three legs of the robot absorbent , and then start walking .
The yellow area is not dead .
This shows a video of a camera or a different type of sensors , because the robot 's high - speed high , and you can look at the end of the line and see a little bit of it .
We have two dimensions .
The first one , in the back , is the Grand Canyon .
In front of that , it was a little bit of time .
The problem with this is a robot 's nest , and we 've got a lot of motors , like adjust the joints .
So , we decided to move into a mechanical facility , and we could use a motor , to replace all of the motors , so we can highlight all the movements .
This is a mechanical solution , and it 's going to be a good iteration of the bridge .
So the body 's on the top of the robot , and it 's walking in the laboratory . It 's the first step on success .
It 's not perfect . It throws the robot down , and then the back goes .
The second one is about the robot 's gatekeepers .
It 's called " Photo Grab . "
Researcher : It 's called " The Eagle Grab . " every seven seconds can be swapped out . So it 's a laundry - knit robot .
We developed a wheel .
Let me show you the work of work .
And this video shows us a method called HyperCard method .
Just relieving the details of the hairs , the robot walking across the ground , and the wind is so soft and it changes itself .
Just relieving the information sensors , it 's successful through these surfaces .
But it shows a extreme ground , a three - dimensional iteration of the robot , and it 's going to turn into safety patterns , which is that robots use to be able to look at obstacles and measure the scale and find the size of a camera and to find a very surprising piece of maneuverability , to make a beeline for the speed of choice .
You might never see this robot .
This is a highly high - speed robot that we developed , called the robot 's robot .
Is n't that cool ?
And when you drive your wheel , you get the wheel and it 's called a crane .
It 's like this kind of rabid .
For those of these small robots , they 're used to <unk> , and it 's going to be the equivalent to the opposite direction .
We 're going to move a different approach to the robot .
And as the video shows up , it 's a swing connection between a line , in the same way .
In different words , we 're going to be able to get to the level of reality .
And the amount of change that 's going on has changed the size of the lake , and the size of this is going to be spinning .
These are just some of the most potent examples that can be done .
This robot is called " <unk> , " which is the equivalent of the kind of thing that 's the high - tech feedback interface .
And I used to talk about scientists in NASA University lab labs , and I said , in JPL , the most famous thing is that there 's a lot of science to tell me that it 's really interesting that scientists and science and scientific science is going to be the interesting thing .
But they 're not going to be able to do that right now .
This is inspired by this , and we 're going to build a sailing robot .
That 's the robot .
It 's three legs . It might be hard to see , but it has a little bit of the top , and it 's going to be the best one on the top , right ?
And once they 're good , it 's time to calculate the distribution of computing , and the calculation is going to be the force that is required to put it , to make sure that it does n't make it , you know , it ca n't fix it . "
Once chemical diversity , the heat is a leg , and then you use it to climb a little bit .
It could be used to search and rescue work .
Five years ago , I was able to do business research in NASA University lab at NASA University .
They have a robot called " robot . "
And based on this , we developed a robot called <unk> Robotics , and it 's a robotic robot .
We developed this technology with self - organizing software .
We put a very interesting announcement .
students like interesting robots . You can see the robots walking on the ground .
It 's trying to walk through rough terrain , dunes , depending on water , and the size of the heat patterns of water .
The robot itself has to adjust the gait of what 's going on on the ground .
In addition to that , it can also do something funny .
Our lab has a lot of money .
When you go to the computer , the robot 's going to go out and go and input " hello " and " Hey ! "
Welcome to San Francisco , Michigan - 1999 technology and a mechanical laboratory .
That robot is a robot robot .
We do n't have time to tell the Rover , I 'll show you some experiments .
Here 's some early possibilities .
The nuclear vessels are on the vertical axis , and it moves .
Use a rope to move and move back and down . It 's called a basket .
We 're working with scientists from Pennsylvania and engineers , develop chemical models of fractal devices .
We looked at it and then , like algebra , it moved .
This robot is recently the recent project . It 's called decoration .
There 's an anti - fractal machine .
There 's a lot of good machines about the market .
It 's a little bit of a million dollars .
It might be impossible to use the arm because it 's expensive .
We think a very different approach to solve this problem .
It does n't use electric motors , and it 's exciting , but it does a lot of power .
We developed these new gatekeepers .
It 's fake . You can actually change the size of the board , and you can change the size of the envelope .
And it turns out to be a vacuum cream .
And you can chase the object of a chicken , and the chicken eggs is a little bit like this .
And the best one is only 200 dollars .
This robot is actually a series of pieces of robots , and we call them bastards , high power to the robot .
This is a robot 's nest .
This is a binary machine .
It has 12 safe machines .
But the cool thing is the user interface .
These cables are methane .
It might be the first time to use a lot of different ways , and she can use many different ways .
In Iraq , in the Gulf of Mexico , the gap continues on the road , and now it 's a remote driver 's license .
It takes a lot of time to train control of control that 's a complex driver .
In this case , the arm is very intuitive , and the student may be the first time to use it , you can do it with complex missions , <unk> objects , to drive , like this , which is very intuitive .
This is the robot 's robot .
We have a robotic robot , smart management robot .
We 're interested in symbolic robots , human data , very interested , and we decided to build a little miniature robot .
In 2004 , this was a breakthrough .
Much more about the research , what should the motors be ?
Can we do it ? What controlled ?
This robot has no sensor .
It 's a controlled control .
As you know , if you do n't have a controller , it 's a problem .
And based on it , we did the right Rover , from a little bit of time .
In 2005 , I was 68 .
Sit , walk .
And yet , as you can see , it 's the use of visualizing , and there 's a pathway . We still use the power power and the external installations .
In 2006 , it was the first time in college .
To give him smart power . We used it for a long time , a 150 - trillion compact processor , two <unk> , eight blades , one , and the four - legged sensors , the <unk> sensors .
Leibniz was all fully anti - deterministic .
You do n't use remote control .
There 's no way up there , and it 's looking around , looking at the balls and look around and try to find the ball , trying to get the power of intelligence , to do intelligence .
And look at its pluses . This is our first testing , the video .
There 's a competition called robots .
I do n't know if you guys know robots .
This is the robot 's gatekeepers .
The goal of the robot is , in 2050 , we have the human dimension of human populations , and they 're going to win and win .
Very practical goals . Very ambitious goals , we think we can do it .
Last year .
We were the first teams in the United States playing robotic robots .
That year in Georgia .
The three - quarters of the robot is completely sterile .
Nice good . Okay .
The robot is tracking , the robot is against .
Really impressive . This is actually the birthplace of a race race .
This is a picture of a beautiful view .
This is Alexander 's best robot , and we hope that we can take it back to America and hope we 're lucky .
Thank you .
There 's another other way .
In the last November , the IRA was actually conducting the conductor of the owner .
This is the next generation , and a little bit smaller , more and faster , more powerful .
It 's the ability to show it . " I am very strong . "
I can do puzzles work .
It goes away . It 's <unk> .
You can see it in the lobby .
We believe that this is going to be the first time in the U.S. robotic robot , so it 's going to take care .
Okay , I 'm going to show you a funny robot .
So what 's our success ?
Where do we come from ?
How do we develop these ideas ?
We were able to walk into our antiangiogenic cars and we won the 50 million dollars .
We have blind cars in the world .
We call the challenge of a blind driver .
And there are many other robots .
These are 2007 , and we 've won the awards of robots from robots like robots .
We actually have five stars .
First , where we 've got a inspiration from that .
Where did you get inspiration from ?
This is my personal experience .
On the morning Saturday , I was lying , and I fell up and down my eyes , some kind of thing and other shapes and everything .
And it turns out , they have some machines .
And I thought , " That 's great . "
And in my lexicon , there was a very special rig , and I had a special light bulb , because I did n't want to sail my wife .
I saw this graphic , graffiti , my idea , and sleep .
In the morning , the first thing I was going to do was I opened my laptop .
Normally a vacuum , sometimes it 's a little bit of a chicken , and sometimes I do n't know what I want to do .
What 's going on at 4 o'clock in the morning ?
I had to figure out what my grandparents were .
And sometimes I 'm going to see some of the tricky ideas , and I have this moment .
I 'm going to run it to the gallery and sit at the computer , and I put my ideas , I get the idea of what I 've done , I have a solution .
And when we need to have suggestions , I 'm going to find a whole idea of thinking about the right idea , if I write a research proposal , that 's how we start with the research program .
Just a little bit of inspiration , it 's not enough .
How do we develop these ideas ?
In the robot technology and mechanics , we have this amazing visual meeting .
We 're talking about the problem , social problems , and so on .
We 've been making a rules before .
The rules are : maybe criticize people 's ideas .
Compare any of any clues .
It 's important because , many times , students are scared of their ideas or ideas .
And once you do that , you 'll be surprised by the students .
They have the ideas , the whole room , full of creativity .
So this is how we develop these ideas .
And the time is not enough , and I 'm just going to have a little bit of ideas and extend it .
A TED age , I wanted to be Moses , right ?
He 's talking to TED at TED .
In fact , it 's a little bit of a dedication .
People were able to do so much , amazing ideas and creative projects .
If you want to go beyond , beyond the robot , the real challenge of a robot is a big challenge , and we need more and more stuff .
Christopher Sweeney : There 's a very famous number of stars who have the famous ones , and the <unk> , the other details .
For us , the robots , engineers , scientists , these tools are in class class .
The math , the math .
In fact , science , physics , even more , today , talk about chemistry , biology .
These are the tools we need .
The tools of tools are more potent to the bad ones , and the more the tool , the better knowledge of our tool .
So education really matters .
It 's not just that , you 've got to work very hard .
I always told my students to work smart , and they work hard .
This is a picture of three in the morning .
If you 're at three or 4 , we have the lab lab , and you 'll see students still there , not me , but they have interests .
So that 's the final theme . Remember to find the tooling .
This is our job of success , and we work with fun .
I think there 's a lot of money , I think , that 's our job .
Come here . Thank you very much for your audience .
http://www.ted.com/talks/robert_full_on_engineering_and_evolution.html
" Frost are a beautiful word , to describe the land of the desert , " Allan McRobie , which starts with this powerful talk , and the world is a very , very strong thing to get to the city of a desert ; it 's going to be the great one to avoid the deserts , but he believes -- and this is an amazing factor to keep the top - of - the - peer - a - half - century .
agriculture , climate change , green
<unk>
Allan Sandberg : How to negotiate the deserts and regain climate change
The most powerful tsunami was killed us .
This is a perfect pathogen , but the consequences of catastrophic consequences are transforming a real reality , and it 's really very , very difficult to do with a belief that we can use technology to deal with this problem , which is very understandably .
Now , the perfect pathogen we have in our population , growing up 100 million people , and the land is , of course , climate change .
For those of you , of course , we estimate our technologies to replace fossil fuels .
Carbon fossil fuels , carbon dioxide -- coal and gas -- never the only cause of climate change .
Now , this is a gorgeous thing to describe , which is that it 's a land that 's being built into the land , and it 's because we build it too much .
Nothing else is .
And I decided to put the point in most of the world 's land .
And I have a very simple message for you to give you more hope than you think .
We 've got a little bit of dengue in the world that we have .
In these places , it 's almost impossible to form large - scale submarines .
No matter what you 're doing , nature will cover these land sooner .
We have a couple of months in the environment , and there are several months and a few months , which is happening here .
Fortunately , the development of the pacemaker , we can see from the Earth , and you can clearly see the ratio of different landscapes .
In general , the green thing you see is that the brown area is going to be the biggest area in the Earth , and it 's the largest area on the Earth .
I guess the world has two thirds in the world .
This is a picture of 25 millimeter accuracy I photographed in the desert desert .
Think of it as if it 's inside the boat .
Each one of these acres was on 1,000 barrels of water .
And the next day , the land was this .
What sticks ?
And it turns out that most of the water breaks down and down the soil , and the way it happens is that it 's going to be very close to the way you 're doing it .
Now , because the water and carbon is being manipulated by the soil , and when we lose soil and we release carbon dioxide , we 've releasing carbon .
Carbon - based elements go to the atmosphere .
And this is what you 're listening to now , and it 's just going to be just in the agricultural and the coastal sectors , like this .
But if you 're not looking at it , it 's the top of the grass , and you find a lot of soil on the board , but very few algae are covered with the water , which causes moisture and evaporates .
And this is the cause of destruction , and we 'll see until the end of the Cold War .
Now we know that it 's a lot of liberation , mostly cattle , and goats and tigers and so forth , to get the plants out of the coral Ocean and releasing methane .
Nearly everybody knows this , from a Nobel Prize to golf a golf ball , and it 's like a lot of education .
And what you see in this environment is that Africa is the place where I grew up . I like the wild wild , and I do n't like pork chops because of the destruction of their ecological destruction .
I 've been able to read ecology of ecology in college , in college .
Now , I 'm going to tell you something new .
We believe that the world is agile .
We were wrong , right now .
I want to invite you to join my education and education .
When I was young , the young biologists in Africa , I 've been involved in a project for the future of the National Entertainment Lab .
And shortly after that -- that was the year 1800 , and we encouraged people to protect the animals and then the wind started to adopt , which is the park we built .
And this is not harmful enough , so we suspect that the number of elephant , and I 've been able to investigate the height of the elephant and have a lot of overreaction , which I recommend going to reduce the amount of level .
For me , I had to admit that this horrible conclusion was a political bomb .
So the government government is trying to examine my investigation .
And they locked up , and they agree with me , in the last few years , we 've taken four to four elephant ruins the land .
In fact , it 's not really better .
I love the elephant , and this is my greatest sad , biggest mistake , I put into the grave .
There is a good one .
It allows me to fix my whole lifetime to find solutions .
And I came to America , and I was convinced that the U.S. National Park was the equivalent of this kind of grandeur .
There 's been 70 years in this land without famine .
And I found that the U.S. scientist explains nothing special about the environment and the natural environment .
And so I began collecting and analyzed all the U.S. America , and I found out all of the data on the cattle ' bottles were made out of it , but I realized that the opposite of this was going to stop and looked at it at the top , in 1961 , for the green , to 2002 .
And these images came from studies of studying climate change , and they were thinking about this , because the unknown process was known .
And obviously , we never understand what causes a lot of civilization , and that kind of thing has been destroyed by our threat to our threats to our threat .
We never had a clue .
It 's like the surface of this kind of land like this , and I said , I 'll say , it 's more than a place where you 're not covered with the wind , the same thing is going to be a lot more .
You 've changed this place .
Now , as you 've done , what you 're doing is that if the land of the world is rapidly growing up to more than half , 50 percent of all the areas are going to change the area .
But we ca n't understand why this process came out ago ?
Why recently exploded ?
We ca n't understand it .
What we do n't know is that the world of these seasonal trees is going to grow a lot of a pandemic , and it 's also the same mosquito that you can see , but these are the symbols of the bison between these animals .
The main approach of the animal 's predators is wealth - life , and the bigger , the more safe , the more safe .
The vast majority of roads are removed from their own food , and they 're going to keep it all over and over again , to prevent the movement of the soil , but the way the root of these animals has made a great impact on the surface .
This is a typical mass arrangement .
It was just about four months , and it was going to go into eight months .
Notice the transformation of the Rubik 's going through a long time .
All the surfaces you see on the next growing season will smoke , or otherwise , the grass and the soil will start death .
If it was n't luminescence , it 's a very slow form of smoke , which is an extremely slow process , and it will produce oxygen and you can kill the soil , but it has to get the surface of the Earth , causing it to the atmosphere .
In order to prevent this situation , we 're using the traditional .
But the only thing that 's going to happen is that the carbon blows into the atmosphere , and it 's worse enough to get rid of the grass , the harmful pollution in the wind is more harmful than Wal - Mart .
We all get out of Africa every year in Africa , almost no one 's care about it .
And as scientists , we understand that basking plants can overcome the plant to grow plants .
Look at this grass , and what do we do ?
Remember , I talk about most of the land in the world .
Do you understand ? We ca n't reduce the same way of losing the animals , because it causes the wind and climate change .
We ca n't burn it with the heat and climate change .
So what can we do ?
Just one program , I repeat over again , the only approach in front of the climate outreach and scientists , which is very impressive , is to use livestock , and it 's going to be the way that livestock is being used as a species and the animal , to form nature .
This is the only choice of human choice .
That 's it .
We 're going to experiment with this experiment , and this is just what it looks like .
We 're going to use a lot of money to simulate the behavior of nature , and now look at the grass .
Now the plant has been wiped out completely completely , and there 's a tremendous amount of flavor , a lot of resistance , or all the rest of the audience , that if you do this , you can see that this soil is able to absorb and stored and save the water and can be able to recline the carbon .
We do this , and we do it without the fire to replace the soil .
And when I first realized that we did n't have a choice of choice , there was only an infinite amount of resistance to climate change , and I 'm facing real dilemmas .
How should we do this ?
They 've reached a hundred - year - old experience , and they know how to chop and drought animals , but they create the largest synthetic desert in the world .
The modern study of modern medicine is also about a hundred years , and this research has accelerated , as I 've discovered in Africa , you 're looking at the image of the United States .
The land is clearly more obvious than the Alps and the drought , and thousands of years , we never understood the complexity of nature .
And our biologists and Ecologist have never tried to solve this complex thing .
I do n't try to re - invent the wheel , but to the rest of the science , if you can see if there 's a result .
And I found out some of the techniques that we have in the design of our biology , in which we 've developed these technologies , and we developed a process called " The Secret , " and it 's a design process , which is a plan to solve the natural and the environment .
Today , we have young women who teach technology in Africa to teach their animals to make their livelihood together , how to do it , and how we 're going to get their tools to draw their animal -- and we 've got a way of doing it for predators , because there 's a lot of land , which is where we are .
Look at these results .
This is close to us in the land of the land .
It 's about four months of rainwater that 's just going to be going into a long time .
But you can see , almost all the rainwater , from the top of the soil .
And even though it 's done , the river works , and we have 15 million people to protect the food supply .
Look at our land , and the same thing is , look at .
Our <unk> fluid is healthy .
Good .
The grass , the bush , all the trees , are very efficient , and we have a little bit of drought .
That 's what 's going on by adding the cow and the goats , the process of the form of nature , which is the way that the elephant is going to elephant and all the other animals -- and the other ones are going to be one of these other animals and other plants .
But before we start , our land is like this .
It 's about 30 years and the next half years or less .
Look at the tree of this , and look at how we use livestock to imitate nature .
And this is another one that 's taken and down , and the little peel of the hairs , we 've got 30 centimeters , right ?
Now look at this change just using livestock to imitate nature .
Here 's a little bit of the trees , because the soil is better and braver .
In this area in Mexico , it 's not , I 've done this little hill , because the change is very large .
In the 1970s , I started to help a family in the city of San Francisco , and you saw the grass on the right side of the cliff , right now , what they 're doing with the future of hope .
Now , looking at the change in this area , there 's a completely complete protection of the process of being applied to nature 's process , and it 's more important that the people live there in the flags of their flags .
This is a sanctuary that are becoming into the desert .
And in the middle of the person who was a Argentina investigated , he had been recording the gap of this land for a few years to reduce it .
They put two million pounds of sheep as a swarm of a group , and they have the design process and the process of design , their records of the first year of the year .
Now in conflict , what 's happening in sub - Saharan Africa to mimic nature is the only hope that they want to feed their family , saving their culture .
The Highline in this part is in the animal kingdom .
I want to remind you that most of the land in the world is so that they have the fate of human beings , including the most peaceful area of our world , and there are a couple of people on the planet as the only food source .
This global behavior led to climate change , and I believe that the importance of this is , at least as fossil fuels , perhaps more than fossil fuels .
Instead , it causes hunger , poverty violence and civil war , as I told you , millions of men , women and children are suffering and death .
And if this happens , even if we 're leaving fossil fuels , we can not stop changing climate change .
I believe that I 've shown you how we 're going to use the very low cost of nature .
We 're going to have about 15 million barrels of land in the world , and to show you a little bit more about this project that 's more than I know about carbon , that if we do that , we can reduce the atmosphere so much that it 's safe to do the same amount of carbon .
And I was nearly nearly anything that could give us the Earth , your children and children , and the rest of the human burden .
Thank you .
Thank you .
Ah , Chris .
Chris Anderson : Thank you . I believe that everyone in this room has a lot of problems to ask , and I want to try to scare you .
I just had a quick question .
When you start this experiment , put a whole bunch of animals , but it 's a desert , what do they eat ? What 's the problem ?
How do you start ?
Allan Breazeal : We 've done a long time , only one time we had to offer the choice of choice , which is 100 percent of the plant .
A couple of years ago , we 've got a big land , and I do n't have five million dollars a gallon , where I could n't find a grass in 100 miles , in a hundred miles a year , the number of things that we had to do with the animals , to the first three - year - old , which is the goal of the nature of food , it 's called the Principle curves .
And to explain that there are techniques of technology that look like this .
CA : This is a fun and important idea .
And then we have the best blog posts to interview you , and I want to know more , we can share it together . Man : Nice .
CA : It was a staggering talk , and it was really astonishing to you .
CA : Thank you very much . Man : Thanks , thank you , Chris !
http://www.ted.com/talks/greg_lynn_on_organic_design.html
The professional career in conjunction with designers , and she moved to the state of the South Side , in the Tennessee World War , trying to do a bold study for the design community , which is a school named Guide to a School called " Design , " and the purpose of a project called the Personal Lab .
design , education , poverty
<unk>
Christopher Rovers : Design change the world 's design
This is a story about a place where I 'm called " hometown . "
There is a story about how public education and rural communities and the design of the design community .
And this is the U.S. Ocean in North America .
To give you a clear idea about it , this is what we 're zooming in , if we zoom in on this state of state in southern America .
It 's about two hours in Paris , where there are about 20,000 hours .
There 's a tremendous amount of recline and a lot of paint .
Most of the land is used for a lot of time .
It 's only about 20,000 people , and it 's been distributed .
So it 's about 27 people , and each one is going to get about 10 to 10 people .
This is a major example of the U.S. American village .
The whole country is all about places like America .
We 've been discovering this .
That means that it 's a lot of fun .
That means it 's a sanctuary .
It 's a lot of people -- those are the people who are getting out of it , and it 's not going to go back .
The villages of the village and the cities are much more dependent on the level of government treatment , and the velocity is very high .
It 's not exceptions .
Maybe the biggest problem of this is that the most important and all the rest of the community , the collective community of communities , is shared for the future , collective investment .
Now the entire American community of America has only been used to the rural community , but the percentage of the population is about 20 percent .
So bed nets are not just the village , and it 's very poor .
It 's the most impoverished form of poverty .
A third of children lives in poverty , and it 's been a rural area .
The economy is dependent on agricultural agriculture .
The main crops are the bush and the Tibetan Plateau , and the peanuts .
And the biggest managers in this room are <unk> .
They 're in southern California .
What you 're seeing here is the Ministry of Eden in southern Nigeria .
There 's only 2,000 people , and a lot of other stars , it 's been called " <unk> . "
The vertical circles here are more than the number of numbers that are being used .
And the number of miles of restaurant restaurant , as you can do with a hand , is really the one that I 'm most passionate about .
But the whole pile is not a pacemaker , and no director , no sidewalks .
It 's not even Walmart .
In the human distribution , it 's about 60 percent of the people who are black , but in the lexicon , because most of them are going to learn a lot of it .
So in the middle of the day , it was a rectangle .
This is an aerial student in the local newspaper , and you can see the difference .
So the public education system is a very productive statement .
There 's not an output source there . It 's only eight percent of the people who have stiff or sharper .
So this is a big issue about education .
In fact , two years ago , there was only a third of the people who had been at eighth grade in the math and the English , and in English .
It sounds like I 'm talking about a very good picture of this area , but I can assure you that we have good news .
And I think it 's one of the biggest wealth of this guy , and this is the man , Dr. Watson , we call him the whip of the Cantor cluster .
And he was in 2007 , and the last October was the responsibility of a broken education system .
He used to be in the Houston store and the Kennedy Minister of Michigan .
And he first had the first one - grade school in the early ' 80s .
He was very , very creative and very well - visionary , and he was also the reason I was working with work and work .
In October 2009 , we asked us , " Design design " -- a nonprofit company , a company I built , and I worked with him to repair this .
And he invited us mainly because we have a very special design process , and that kind of type of pattern is not opportunity for the opportunity to connect to the design of design or to design , or design business .
In particular , we have six designs probably most important , and we 're not designed for who we design , but for whom we do n't have to design .
It 's a design for other people and then to make a better solution to the inside .
At the beginning we 've been invited to be there , so we 're in the middle of the Eiffel Tower , and the rest of 2009 is about half our time .
When I said that the people I 'm talking about " Raw project , " but what I mean is that I and my partner , Matthew , Washington , one of the architects of Matthew Miller .
Come down , we live in bed now .
And I had to put this picture in London , because if he knew I was using it , he would lose my main career because he was wearing his main <unk> .
This is our earlier Rover , we live there .
We call this place " hometown . "
In this year , we know that we realize we 've reached the same place as well .
We 've been working with this land and the people who are doing this kind of work in rural areas like snoring , which is that designers do designers , and architects are not at every place where they 're going to work .
This is a place where you can go and analyze and test different things .
We have Dr. John Maeda .
And to do that , the real engagement is noble .
But there 's a lot of reason for our personal personal reasons because there are tremendous needs there .
The innovation of innovation is basically vacuum vacuum .
And the whole thing is not a really good designer .
And we see a chance that one of the opportunities is that a tool that does n't have to be removed from the opportunity to have a new tool to bring design to their own lifetime .
The goal of our first goal is to design a public education system , and this is why we 're going to get here .
But besides that , we realize that as a community is very , very powerful for success and to the world , and they 're very lack of innovation .
So our goal is to be , yes , to use design to work with education , and find how to make educational support systems .
To do that , we have three different ways to get education and design .
And I have to say three things that we 've been working on , and I 'm going to have a lot of self - confidence and say , well , we have the ability to work with the American community and work in the United States , maybe the U.S.
Three things the first one is design education .
This is the obvious connection between education and design .
This is a tutoring space for teachers and students , and data and experiences .
It 's a very , very bad way of moving and bad , and we have a little bit of a high - school response .
And to do this , we did a lot of different things .
First of all , it 's a collaboration for the computer lab .
At the end of the decade , the computer lab , especially in the high school schools , is a computer computer program that every two weeks was testing the test of testing .
You go , you 're in the wall , and you do the test , and then you get the test .
We want to change the way that students use technology to create a more dynamic , more attractive , decrepit space , and we hope that we can be able to increase the capacity to use these spaces to work with high school education .
This is our high school lab , and the principal of the lab loved this lab .
And every time he had a tank , he was the first place to go to the place where he came to visit the first one .
Which means that a little teacher can start to build this in this educational space where we call this learning landscape .
It allows the basic stages of development to work as a child , like a kid , to go around the game and learn the core class .
Now the kids are playing with a game called " Man to Me , " and kids can play this game .
In " The Purpose - Me , " and the kids ' kids are divided into a dog and put a piece of chalk on the side of the wall and wrote a piece of chalk on each one of the celebrities on every puddle of paper . "
And then she came up with a mathematical problem , such as four times as fast as 40 to four , 40 times a time , and then find 16 percent of the operator .
And the game of gamers is that all the players are going to sit down and down , and you can win .
It 's very amazing to learn ecology .
In a lot of classes , all of a sudden , it 's a better part of what they like to do , especially men , who are like , they 're not afraid to get out of play , and the teacher 's teacher can be able to know a little bit to understand their students .
So in education , I think most of the most important thing is to share things with teachers , and they have the power and the desire .
This is Mr. Heifetz , who was the DARPA operator .
And he went to our teacher 's train , and he won the checklist and said , " To me , he felt very proud .
The second one of three stars is to re - organize the whole system itself .
This is the most complex .
It 's the movement of the system to recognize how education is led to what they 're doing .
In a lot of cases , we do n't change what 's going on , but it 's possible to change the way that people do change in rural areas , and in the middle of the mid - Saharan sector , there 's a very difficult thing to do .
So for us , this is a researcher called " Photo Grab . "
There are thousands of these green lines .
This is the cost of raising money to the home of every student in the workforce , and they have a broadband computer .
Now , I 'm only saying that the entire circuit is just about five percent of the family , and the computer really has the computer .
The only place that was wireless is the school building , or the emperor of chicken eggs , and I always went there to be there .
Except to give people a sense of what the green dots are , and the point is that it 's going to take education to imagine how we can be able to make a community more than a team of physicians .
It allows education to go through the campus to think about how education could work .
And the first time the computer is actually making a way that we 're helping to take care of the class , and the way we can let the classroom go to schools and schools can be able to learn a student in the classroom .
The three stars are the ones that are most exciting to me , and one of the things that 's really exciting is that we 're doing it right now .
Think of design as education means that we can actually teach design to design this , not like regular design classes , and they 're not going to build their rocket classes and learn the way to learn physics , but to study the design of the community .
And that means that designers are not just a consultant , but the teacher is giving us a little more innovative task of innovation .
Design , as a matter of educational framework , is a kind of an antidote to a challenge to change a lot of a dozen years ago .
These act are already happening , and it 's going to require us to engage in a classroom that allows kids to learn the core class .
So we started thinking about organizing courses and institutions , especially the toy system , and they were all used for the kids who were n't able to read college schools .
It 's a professional training process .
It 's a professional education system .
And this project is kind of like giving us a piece of paper to make your mother a little bit .
Narrator : A lot of funding funded institutions were disappeared .
So we 're thinking , if we take the process back to the back , but we 've focused on the community , and it 's going to take more important and innovative design and creative design thinking .
So we looked at this kind of vague idea , using collaboration with Dr. Seuss , and a year - old curriculum was prepared for high school student students .
Four weeks later , the course of my book was that I was in Tel Aviv , and Matthew and I had to offer a little bit of a difficult and very complicated process for high school students .
This is what it looks like .
In the two fifth of these sessions , two millimeter and Saudi Arabia , 30,000 hours a day at the University of aviation , for three hours .
In this period , they 're going to do all sorts of things that go out and do a research research to go back to the studio , and to design the object and design it and then end up with the idea that they can build their prototypes and get their prototype to build the prototype and build it to them .
In rodents , they get a cool job .
They work through the cynical project , and they get paid for them to work with us in the community and build these programs .
The first project , it 's going to start building up the next summer , and then the final step of the year is that the last bus is a promotion - old environment .
And these are really what we 're looking at , and we hope it 's the future of students who say , " This is a great thing , I feel very proud .
And I want you to look at three things .
This is the Ministry of Defense .
She year this year .
She loved agriculture , and I hope to be a high school teacher .
She wanted college , but she wanted to go back to the University of Michigan , because there was her <unk> , and she was a place of " hometown , " in which she had a great hope to do that to make her work .
So this is a place where H provided her learning technology , so she could take her back to the most meaningful way .
This is Eric , who 's in a pen .
He loved the room as well as he wanted to be a designer .
For him , Hugo London gave him a place of a technology of designers , and this is the place where the circuitry of the Red Brigades go to the wood and the metal to take care of it .
Here 's Tony Penn .
And he was 16 years old , and he liked hunting , fishing and fishing , who like to use his hands to do things for his own hands , to say , " In the way , the studio means to be able to do it with the interests of self - interest .
He was interested in the celebrity , but he did n't really know , so if he could n't get to college , he would still be able to get a little bit of technology for the industry .
Design is a different classroom for public education .
And the building of this area is probably the equivalent of our future and today is our classroom .
Enlist students to the community , interview your neighbors and ask them where they buy food , which is where we buy it .
And in the summer of summer , they 've built the same thing , and it 's also the sponsor of our own pond .
For community , design and construction provides , the construction process .
Every one of these projects , it makes young people to be the largest property and the biggest resources of our future .
We realized that compassion , especially in its first year , is a little story 13 students , two teacher , a project of a project .
But we think it 's in other places .
And I really believe that the power of this little story is , because it 's hard to do philanthropy on the globe .
Because , when you put it down , you lose people as the capacity of a human body .
Eventually , design itself is a work that we 're working with , and we want to help people and our designers .
Let 's face it , designers , we need to totally rethink ourselves .
We need to be able to re - educate our ourselves , and we have to do a better citizen .
So even though it 's just a very small story , we hope that it would be a better future to go to the rural community , and for a future of future education , to design the future better for design .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/scott_kim_takes_apart_the_art_of_puzzles.html
Dr. aviation is a strategy of the visual system of a brain system , where the team with his team has given free imagination for free - sighted children , and they 're learning how to deal with the data of visual information , the job of how the brain works .
biology , health care , medicine , neurology , science , sports
<unk>
PH : How to learn the brain 's feelings
In India , if you 're blind , you have two things to fight .
First of all , the opportunity to treat a little , small , or not because in this country , most of the eyes are focused on the health care industry , which is just a very small number of detail .
And in fact , even if you 're able to get treated for treatment , you do n't have a lot of medicine .
She was a crystallographer , and it was only three years ago .
And so she took her back to the countryside , and she had no idea that the girls decided that this girl was supposed to be the opposite of the physician , he decided to put a little bit of it and said , " Name a long time to do it .
And the news is that , you know , what you see is the neuroscientist , and if you 're four to five years , the chances of the brain can get the opportunity to look at things like the first one to see the best , it 's not the chance .
And the reason I hear about these two things is that there 's a lot of reason why there are people in the background .
Let 's talk about individual behavior .
Listen to the normal , but I 'm very serious .
That 's my son , Jude .
As a father , as a parent , I was a really brilliant feeling of feeling , and how subtle it was , which is a little bit of a lot of light , what I would like to do with their institutions , to have a lot of sense .
And I would like to go back to the end of the day , and when I was told that there were so many other openings that I had ever been told .
That 's why I 'm a personal man .
In science , neuroscience is a long time to think that when the brain is going to lose about four or five years , I do n't react to it because I 'm not thinking about it .
And this theory came from David Kennedy and the study of David Locke , who was the two scholars in Harvard who won the Nobel Prize in the 19th century , and that was a brilliant study , but I believe that some of their work was brought into the basis of a human race .
In fact , they experimented with the behavior of a different group of mutations , and these studies have been built in the same way that they 're still being used to analyze our children .
So , I guess I need two things .
Number one : children are willing to cure treatments for treatments .
This is the humanitarian persuasion .
Scientific responsibility is to learn the limits to visual systems .
Clearly , the owner of the task is going to be a lot of fun .
Similarly , for those two years , I came up with a couple of years ago .
PH : You know , you might know that the light is going to be the bright light , and we hope that it 's a little bit of the time and the opportunity to make some kind of aesthetic action .
Its Brunel , although it looks very , very much like North the European system , which is actually the top of the Earth .
The Rift Valley is focused on three aspects , to help the kids who need to be treated and learn .
Now I 'm going to show you a little video about the two aspects .
And the long - term intersection of this term is a school school .
JA : Most of the kids are highly invasive , they 're not blind , because it 's a matter of blind schools , a lot of kids ca n't heal .
And that 's what 's called an appointment , and it 's a permanent force .
This is a very high - speed disorder called the destiny of the destiny .
And even though it 's so bad , we also have a little bit of a sense of vision , which is a very good hint of hope .
And so we put that in a hospital and put it into the hospital .
We collaborated with this in a hospital in Delhi .
It has a device that 's very good at the center of a coin , and it 's not enough to take care of the product of tuna .
You see , you eat a little bit of wires .
The text has a lot of kids .
Help us search for the kids who can participate at the Open Project , and notice what it looks like , you see what makes him blind .
And you look at the middle of the graph , and you 're looking at the red side , which is striations with plankton .
We 're in the eyes of our eyes , and it 's transparent , but the baby has become taller and he does n't see anything .
So this kid has been treated with treatments , notice his images .
So this is just a little bit of a flying camera using a blade of wood .
The same kid , three weeks later , had a three - year - old .
Thank you .
And from that small movie , you 've learned that it might be possible that we 've been able to spend more than 200 children in the same way , and the other one is repeated over and over again .
They go into therapy , and these kids get big progress .
In fact , the same thing happens in a dog 's population .
So a few years ago , we had a slip of paper on the right , and the story of the woman was just beginning to see her vision and she was very good at this bench .
Narrator : A couple of years ago , she killed two - year - olds in buses .
She 's an actual and exciting thing , and even though it does n't know what the future is .
When we start looking at these Rovers , you can imagine , in science and popular industries , there are some waves .
This is an article in " Nature , " and it 's written on the top of " Natural " . "
And we were very convinced that it could be possible even even for long - term vision .
The next question is , what 's the process ?
Narrator : We 're looking at this : we 're going to take a look at a kid with light .
To give him a sense of treatments , I want to emphasize that this is a little bit of a deal .
We treated with a lot of kids who work through their work .
Every child needs to treat it .
At the end of the treatment , almost every single week we gave kids easier visual tests to look at their progress , and it 's going to be estimated that they 're expected to do it .
We try and do it .
The journey of this development is given us to never have a compelling information about how it works .
Now , what did the early development of development have developed ?
We use a lot of different kinds of visual ability , but I want to look at one of these , and this is how it works .
See , you 're looking at a picture in the left - hand side , whether it 's the object or the fusiform gyrus , which is the middle of these little bits of color , and these are the little colors that are there .
The brain uses complex structure to determine the small part of the area , so that we can tell us what the real thing is , like what we 're looking at right on the right side , as you see .
No one knows how this process happens , and that 's what we 've been challenged with a challenge .
So this is just a little bit closer .
This guy was introduced a couple weeks ago , and this was a student at MIT University , MIT , Stanford .
And his vision depends on the scrotum , and you can get a sense of what he 's doing .
If you show him the images of the real image or the early elections of him , it 's not the case that they ca n't identify , because the world is reduced to a lot of small colors , and there 's lots of different colors and the bottom colors .
Sort of like those green diseases .
And when you asked them to ask them , you do n't have names , as long as it 's pointing to the position of the object , as they say .
And his world is very complicated in a lot of places .
Even the shadow on top is the object .
Interestingly , several months later something happened .
Girl : See a few things ?
Narrator : There are two objects .
Girl : What shape ?
Plank : Their shape .
So this is a square line .
Huge transformation .
What 's the problem ?
And this is a very profound problem , which is the answer .
And the answer came from motion , which is the next video I wanted to show you .
Girl : What can you see ?
Man : I 'm not sure .
Girl : What ?
patient : triangles .
Girl : So there are some objects ?
Now , what ?
Plank : two .
Girl : What ?
Narrator : A square and a ball .
It 's going to go over and over again .
The visual system looks at the role of the world .
And what we 've learned from this experiment is that there 's a lot of different kinds of information that 's going on in the process , and it 's called the Personal Bureau of movement , which led the vision of visual attraction .
This is a very simple thing to do .
Let me just talk about two things , and that 's one of the other things that technology works .
So , from engineering perspective , we might ask , you know , understanding movement is so important that the visual system is really important to build the robot 's eye system , and it does n't have to be able to use it to make it .
So here we are .
MIT University is looking at what 's going on , and it needs to be applied to anything you learn .
So , we created this robot system , and it has a target goal to get the vision of the visual input , which is the same thing that the children can get to see this vision .
Do n't worry about it ?
And here , I just wanted to introduce you to how we test her .
The way the test works is by giving it a little bit of information , so the baby can see , and the children 's children see it .
And for a long time , we found out that they did n't make it .
So , what I think is , . It 's not going to make me a son when a baby 's a little bit of a female video .
We 're doing it .
For this , I had to do it for a second .
In fact , if you 're looking at it , forgive me .
So we cut a camera camera using a little bit of the visual precision .
You might know that the old baby is not going to see anything .
And their vision is -- we adults are 20 degrees of overreaction accuracy , about 20 or 800 , so they see the world very , very smooth .
So this is the baby video .
Eleanor Brand does n't have a violin interface .
What 's amazing about the baby is that the world is so intense that they can soon find the significance of this input .
And as long as you can see , the baby will start to notice his eyelids of throwaways .
What 's going on here ? We hope that we can do it with motion , actually , really .
To give it a video of this video , the video is going to be able to start to capture the model , including a face .
So , this is a very important demonstration of the dynamic .
In clinical trials , it uses the mathematics of mathematics .
The vision develops , and the combination of convergence is that it 's a bit of a scientist .
And what we see here is that the problem of persistence of the visual system is the synthetic system will not be a little bit of a fuss about , but the mental dynamics of the autism system are going to be the same .
Because if this is true , it turns out that it 's a huge impact on what 's going on in our research ?
And what you 'll see is that two kids , a normal one , is a common kid , and it 's playing the game game .
So , when kids are playing , we track their game direction .
red is the turning path of the eyes .
This is a normal kid , you see the dynamic information that you can see , and then predict where the ball is .
They 're going to be able to get into the ball before the ball .
Instead , another critical child is playing .
You ca n't predict the movement of the ball , that 's the way it is .
In order to use the dynamic information , the efficiency is confined to the autism group .
We 've been trying to do it a day , and we have a lot of research on it .
And to look forward , if you think that this circle represents all the time we 've been treated with children 's children , that 's the problem .
The red dots are our treatments .
So , there is a lot of kids who need to be treated with treatment for development , and we 're planning to develop a school - based school center with a high - child technology and the frontier of the Caribbean .
The Fowler centers are going to merge with healthcare education and science , and it 's really a great power for one .
In general , at five years , it has been influenced by a very heavy level , from the basic neuroscience and peer - reviewed process , such as autism , for example , of orchids , graduate student - based robots , the most important thing to reduce the pain of their children .
For my students , it 's a great experience for me because we 're doing very interesting research , and we have to do so much with our kids .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/al_gore_on_averting_climate_crisis.html
This is the archival video in Hong Kong , and Jill Sobule talks about her running successful career and <unk> , which is just a prototype of the dawn of her <unk> .
beauty , design , prosthetics , sports , technology
<unk>
Amy Schwartz : Agile .
Man : Amy and I , ♫ ♫ Sobule : William . ♫ Sweeney : Hello .
JA : Boys and I just communicate a couple of days , I wanted to tell you all of what makes her separate .
Interviewer : Well , if you 've seen my photographs in my house , it might have been a little bit of a message , and I 'm going to die because of my legs .
When the year was hit , it was gone , and I was running around .
PH : So , you can tell you , for example , how do you get a ticket ?
Let 's start out there .
E : I 'm a student - up student with Oprah .
They won the Red Brigades .
They 've been in charge every year in the country , and they get them to go to the Rift Valley , I won all the time and I 've lost the opportunity for four years . It 's very , very happy to do it here .
Narrator : When I got to that , she felt like she was a little bit curious , and she decided to call it a little bit .
So , you know the story .
Amy : Okay . I guess I 'd always liked movement .
I had five years ago .
And in high school all the time went to a ski school , and I got a little bit mad , because I had no idea how to react .
And I had never been exiled from the competition at the time , and I always stayed together with these bodies .
I just knew that .
In fact , I 've been looking at the people who have seen other males .
And I heard , you know , there 's also a lot of wood for disability , and I think , oh , I do n't really understand this competition , but I 'm trying to look at it and let me go to see what 's going on .
So 95 years , I got a ticket for a Boston Boston . I was 19 , and I had this competition , but I never thought it was too much .
And a couple of weeks ago , I took a close path to try and figure out how much they could run , and I was on the Oprah pedal .
And in that time , my legs were doing a kind of wood and plastic bag , using a nylon phone with a Velcro -- and the big and big , and you know , it 's not too uncomfortable , but I had it .
And then I came up to Boston , and I put all these kinds of wells together and you know that there 's a variety of things that you can see -- and they 're all looking at me like I 'm saying , " Well , we know who ca n't win the game .
I mean , I went there and I wanted to be -- I do n't know what I 'm looking at -- but , you know , when I saw a little girl who had lost a whole leg with a leg , it was six inches , and it took six feet .
Seymour Papert spent five feet in Bangalore , and I said , " Well , this is going to give you a little bit of -- there 's a lot of athletes in this world , even though they look at the Mommy - knit conditions .
So I decided that , you know , when my heart was , I was my first salary , and I won the first lunch of my life , which led to the three steps to get me to have a new piece of traffic jams .
And people said , " Daniel , you know what you 're going to do -- you 've got a long speed -- but you have the speed of the skill and the strategy . "
You 're very controlled .
We all see how hard you are .
So I decided to call the Red Brigades .
Thank God I did n't know if he was in this territory .
He 's at the polling stations , and you know what ? This guy 's office comes from the floor to the U.S. nets , you can imagine ?
It 's a klutz .
I gave him the phone , and I said , " Listen , I 've been on a treadmill . I won .
I 'd like to see if you could n't , you know -- I want to look at your training , and see what you 're all thinking about . "
I just wanted to -- the two train breaks down .
Can I sit there and see what you do ?
And he said , " Well , there 's no decision to decide before we do it . "
And he was thinking , " What 's wrong with me ? "
So , I went to see the coach , walked into his office and met the atrocities he had trained , and the magazine cover .
We sat down and started talking , and we 've done a great job of cooperation because he had never taken an appointment , but I never had no idea what to do with my ability to unify with me .
So it 's all like , well , we start a whole new journey .
So a four - year - old who was trained to train me , which was exactly in his head , and I went to the runway and with him .
That 's how I met a pair of lying .
But 95 percent of the fall fall in the winter , and he said , " You know , you 've got enough enough .
You can join us in the women 's women . "
I said , " Get a copy . ♫ Sweeney : Okay .
He said , " No , I 'm really , you can do it .
You can train them with our women . "
So in 1996 , I came up with a project for the National Highway . In September p.m. , and I joined the woman . A quarter of a quarter .
There was never been a debit accounts for this -- to go in college grade .
So it 's all a wonderful combination of convergence .
PH : Well , you 're not going to tell you about it and say , in the way you go to the corner of the tunnel , there 's a profound thing about a couple of different things going on on the shelf side , right ?
Tell you ?
♫ Sobule : Oh yeah , yes , you know , all the awards that I 've got before I do , but the training training , when I know you need to be able to adapt to the rest of the other day -- and I 'm going to do it , and you do n't know what to deal with the people in the workforce -- they 're looking at me .
And in my lexicon , I was there with them and they thought I 'd have to grow -- and I 've been in the best part of the country -- but you know , you 've got to train it to the people you train .
And I 'd like to go through the Great East Side , which is , like , the same kind of skating gait .
And it was very , very dry .
And that was the first time -- from the book , I was just covered with this little leg , and I did n't realize that I had n't realized to percolate up to the argument that the headrest was able to play the role of the bow , which I would like to do a lot of work .
100 meters ago , I took off the wall , and my leg , my legs fell off .
It goes down and down , and it 's about 5,000 people .
I 'm not going to be bad , and -- and I 've got 200 meters of competition , a half - hour retreat !
And I went to the rehearsal , and I said , " Oh , do n't let me run . "
I ca n't wait in all the audience . My legs fall off .
And if it 's amputated , beep , I ca n't do 200 meters at the time .
And the players sat there .
My request said , " Oh , thank God .
Because he was like -- you know , he 's Brooklyn -- and he said , " Daniel , even if your legs fall and what ?
You pick it up , and you go back and go and get the damn competition ! "
I did it . And so he was like , he hid me in the Houston store .
Let me stay in the Houston store .
Interviewer : So Amy came to Argentina in 1996 , and she was very excited . She was a very big family .
Now she 's -- you 've been running for two years ?
E : No , year .
Interviewer : A year . That 's what you 'll tell you about the game .
Amy : Okay . Okay , 94 .
This is a klutz , and it 's the mosquito of the human body -- the amputation , which is the people who have the brain paralysis , the hosts of a brain -- and that 's a very special deal for Chile .
So , one week later , we went down to Atlanta , and I was stunned by myself , you know , a year ago I 'd been running down the road .
Now , I 'm here -- a <unk> .
I took the U.S. record -- and I was in the Houston store -- that night , and you know , I 'm holding the street back home , and it 's going to go home .
And I was the only one who was called the Personal Hour .
And I was the only one who visited the Personal Project .
And I did n't wake up with this guy who came out and said , " How do you do it ? We should all be flat , so it 's not going to be released ! "
And I said , " Well , I 'm just not going to get off ? No one said no . "
And this is funny -- a little less than three inches -- I 've been walking , and I had to go to the Houston store -- and I went to the airport ?
No , I 'm not going to get a ticket and 100 meters .
It 's very clear .
I was in the front page of my hometown , and I had six months ago .
It was like , ultimately , until I got light .
We were trained at the polling side of Cape Springs , Michigan , which is about a few blocks from the Pentagon .
And I was in the legs -- I could put them out of the world . I 'm the first one in my country .
I 'm just like a little piece of wood -- I 'll tell you that , like , you know , it 's like this .
All the cameras looked at me , " What 's the girl running ? "
And I was like , " Where am I stalling ? "
That was my first time of international competition .
I want to use it to go beyond everybody , and you know what I 'm going to do ?
" Oh , Amy , we 'll tell you . "
I want to know when .
Amy , do n't worry , you know what you 're doing . You 've done it . "
Now , what I started in the Cold ward was the beginning of the Olympics , and they signed up the <unk> , and I went out and looked at it .
My best work , and I 'm also a third of a second .
I looked at the next line , and I 'm going to show you a couple of seconds .
And the number two is the Rover , and I said , " Well , what 's the problem ? "
And then they brought us onto the bus of 80 buses , and all the women had fewer legs .
And then I go , I just like -- all of them look at me , like looking at the tooling , you know ?
I sat there , and I thought , " Oh my God , oh boy . "
I never had lost it . It was a scholarship or a company , and you know , it 's a five - year - old , or whatever I do n't know .
It was great in the Bay Area .
I do n't always have the first time , but it 's the best training of training .
We 're looking at Atlanta , which is like a elites team , and I 'm going to lose it .
And I thought , " Oh my God , my whole family was walking out of the tub . "
And I was sent to the only South race of this race .
So they called me names . "
When I got my legs checked , I felt bad , because I heard people in the crowd , and I was hearing people like they were looking at me .
I feel like , " I know ! Go ahead ! Just look at the Big Bang . "
I know I just got one last pair of cards , and you know , if I do n't take those girls , ♫ I 'm at least to give them a little bit of that .
I mean , that 's exactly what I was talking about , and all the rest of the elections -- the naive , the Ernest Academy -- all the way up to the <unk> .
And the only thing I could remember was that the last piece was going on , and you could see , you know , trying to take paperwork to the stomach , it was incredible , so it 's unbelievable .
I need to know why you do it . You know .
And if I first , what 's the first thing ?
All these trained , completely changed my life .
I was a graduate student , and then I got hooked .
And everything really makes me think I 'm going to end up at the end .
And the fact that I just had a year ago was just the goal of manic Olympic athletes , who was my life on the board , and I wanted to put it on this boat and looked at where the limits were .
And I really did a couple of times -- how much would I ever have to get ?
How many people gave them their time , their labor and their patient ?
It 's like , like a collective resurrection -- there 's 50 people involved in this marvelous Atlanta journey .
I 'd like to say that I 'm right now , and I do anything like this , for example , so that this kind of thing is going to sit down and think about how this works .
And the goal , I think , is very important , and I also realize that in the process of doing it as a human being .
It 's a success , really successful .
PH : Why not give us your legs ?
Amy : Oh , no problem .
Narrator : Let me show us not just a little bit of a puppies .
Amy : Okay , that 's my beautiful legs .
No , they really are the legs . They 're really beautiful .
You 've got to be careful about them .
And even though I have a copy of this , I can give myself pots .
Seriously , and I also can wear a high Calcutta .
That 's what you might feel , and then you can get into the car and buy whatever they like .
Elizabeth : You can decide your height ?
Amy : Yes , I think more height .
Christopher Craig , the predecessor of the 1980s , went back to summer .
I kept playing with him in San Francisco because he was injured .
And I said , " Move it , do n't worry .
Are you going to get eight feet high ? "
Unfortunately , he did n't like me to say something funny about me .
Well , these are my legs , and with carbon - cleaning graphite , I said , " I 'm going to make sure that every time I put them in the right stairs .
Oh my God , I 'm so happy .
These are -- can you take it ?
This is a one that I used to use and play to play and play .
It 's all over the place , and when you put it around it , it produces the sound of a loud sound . Okay !
And I just had to hook up with this little piece of wood , and I would keep it in my legs and then I could get rid of the maneuverability of strike .
Elizabeth : Are you happy ?
Amy : Do you mean that ?
Interviewer : Yes , yeah .
Amy : I do n't know . Should it be , I 'm not sure .
Maybe a little bit ? I can put it all up .
PH : She ca n't stand on this special , and she had to walk , so ...
Amy : Yes , I have to get close . And I 'm wearing it as a art .
And if you do n't have this , I 'm going to try to get my legs out of them .
So , I 'm wearing them , and they 've got half the world .
These are the real state - of - the - art situations that we have to make .
And if you look at the top , you realize that the only place that they 're going to be the only one is the tip of the wind , which is the mosquito 's toes .
So when I was wearing these legs , my legs were going to be feeling like my leg , like if I had the feet standing on your own mailbox .
Daniel : It 's a company in San Francisco called Petco Park .
I 'm a vegetarian , and I hope it 's going to continue to stay in every single arm .
And this , I said , is actually the prototype .
I need new products because , after one time , you know , it 's -- and then go back to the beginning .
Narrator : Daniel and their designers are going to tell us that they design their design process .
Amy : Yes .
Narrator : Yes , it 's very feedback .
Amy : So these are the tuned legs , and I can take my rest of it .
Do n't you say , who designed the other legs ?
Amy : Of course , these are what I 've spent in England . In London , there are about two hours , and I 'm the only one in the United States . And I am America . It 's really beautiful .
♫ Sobule : Some of them , all these toes , the details .
For me , I 'm at the bedside of the plane , but the next step , and I hope it 's very important to do it . And I think that 's important . You know , it does n't have any power to recline , whether your actions govern .
I mean , I 'm so happy to be able to do freedom , choose the shoes of choice , and I hope that they can serve more people in the future .
And this is what it looks like .
And here 's a very basic , primitive prosthetic .
It 's like the leg of the legs .
This is true . It 's in this position , so I have to wear two inches of high heels .
I really think -- let me just turn it down to you .
I do n't know if you think it 's , but they really are great .
Even on the feet even the blood vessels , I was pink , like you 'd see , and I 'd like to do it .
Really wonderful invention . I took them for two weeks a year .
They 're like a skin skin .
It 's a two - year - old who said , " Oh my God , if I could go to the Oprah ward , I would go and look at the skin and see the color color , and it looked like it would be a breath of breathing . "
Then they created their ears .
They built a lot of these amazing things .
PH : Two weeks ago , Daniel hired to get a pair of Jim Berners - confessed , Steve Allen .
And she went to the Rift Valley , and she said , " I must buy a little trick ! "
It 's about a minute and a half a hour , and she thinks it 's a three - legged shoe , but actually , in fact , three inches high .
Amy : That makes me bad , because it meant I 'd walk all over the night .
PH : We looked at the tooling , and luckily , we were great .
They sent their shoes back .
Interviewer : I 'm talking to the front shot , and I was very , very pissed up to me . ♫ Sweeney : And I said , " Listen , you 've got to do it for me ?
Because I 'm going to tell you a question now . You know , they do it , and it 's the feeling that if you do n't like your shoes , you 're very sorry .
" No , no . I 'm a little bit special , but I need a couple of inches , and I have a pair of three - millimeter legs .
I have to make it a little bit . "
But they do n't even want to go .
They do n't want to touch the shoe , they do it .
No , these legs are great .
I was going to go back a couple of weeks to get them to do it .
I wanted to look at the legs and so I could put it on the lid , and it 's so difficult .
Well , great .
Narrator : This is Daniel Goldstein .
http://www.ted.com/talks/robert_full_on_engineering_and_evolution.html
Narrator : The writer M.C. Escher show you a little bit about copyright mathematics -- an example of entertainment , a new study based on entertainment lawyer and a real new area .
business , entertainment , humor , music
280
Rob Frost : The 80 billion iPods of iPods
Narrator : The last pioneering competition that the United States does n't have , like Americans , and Europe , is a little bit mad .
And I think it 's a very , very useful way to get into the physical basis of a matter of physics .
So , I 'd like to say that we 're going to use the frontier of the future , and the rights math is free to talk about the topic of thinking about the issue .
For example , in the last few years , it 's about a hundred billion dollars a year .
Instead of arguing for this number on the number , the rights mathematicians can analyze this very rapidly , and he 'll notice that it 's a lot of money to get to the ocean -- and go to Mars .
And of course , if we 're using one pair of money to do this .
Now , looking at this , this is clearly a very powerful , strong argument .
But it 's also a matter of moral importance .
Because it 's not just what we 're talking about , a few of the geckos movies , but it 's really the real trick .
And that 's equivalent to the U.S. Garbage Patch , and all of our fruit crops and wheat and rice -- what 's going on -- and we 're losing it .
It 's almost impossible to measure the economics of the economy , but unless we use the rights math laws .
Since Dick 's proclamations , the revenue of the music industry was about 80 billion dollars every year .
So this is a piece of what we 're looking for .
But the income of the whole industry is including the cost of San Francisco , the health care , the income and the bed .
There are also a lot of the revenues , and the revenues and the TV on the TV .
Other content spreads the market , like books and radio tickets , and they 're also bouncing down .
So it 's a very small one .
And because the main content spread across the market , over the course of the Cold Trade Organization , there 's no way of growing them , but the rights laws tell us that it 's because there is no progress in the middle of a marketplace , and it does n't have a sense of progress on the twentieth century .
What we 're looking at is the potential cost of the phone .
And 500 million dollars a year , a drunk for 30 seconds , and it 's going to go from the back to the first time .
This is true .
I have a dozen forms of light .
The movie industry is told us that we have more than 37 , 37 percent of the workforce , which is coming back to the content , and if you put this number out in 1998 , it 's been a lot of American labor to say that the American business has been funded by the United States .
The other data shows that music industries are about 40,000 , about 5,000 people .
And as the result of the network , the work of all the content spreads up to our content and gives us a personalized team .
And this is one of the reasons that many of you can cheat a little bit about the rights of skills every day .
Some people think string theory really matters .
This is a key number between the rights exchange kit .
It 's a total of a song or a movie where the movie is damaged , and the number one - to - a - half percent of the time .
Narrator : When Hollywood and Congress were talking about reducing the power of losing rights and determination to make this data .
Some people think that this number of numbers are too large , but the rights producers are just amazed at why the numbers are not going to grow .
In this law , the fastest MP3 players in the world can only save 10 songs .
It 's about Christmas .
Because it does n't take a long 100 million dollar value into your pocket .
Now one of the iPods of San Francisco could be saved by four and a half years , which means that the value of 80 billion dollars .
Like seven , 5,000 jobs .
Maybe , you know , the idea of rights mathematics is very strange , but it 's a field of experts .
Let 's talk about it today .
And I hope , the next time I 'm going to do a much more scientific job for the American economy , and in fact , you have to hear me to tell me that I said to me .
Thanks very much .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/jose_abreu_on_kids_transformed_by_music.html
From the rocket director to the market , most of the most amazing people in human society , and why are the things that kids lose mathematics to learn mathematics ? Now , Sylvia Earle argues that there 's a part of what 's going on at the same time , but it 's not just what we 're looking at .
computers , education , math , technology
<unk>
Nathan Wolfe : The computer teaching kids real mathematics
Now , our mathematics is faced with real problems .
Essentially , no one feels very comfortable .
The students who learn the mathematics and the real things are not , boring and expensive .
And the people who use mathematics to think they learn not enough knowledge .
Government realized that it was a big problem for our economy , but they would n't look at it .
And the teacher was very frustrated .
But the mathematics is more than any time in history .
On one side we 've lost the interests of mathematics , the other side of the world , and our world is more likely to be more more than more mathematical than the mathematics .
So the question is , why does this happen ? How do we solve this problem ?
And I think the answer is in our hands . We use computers .
And I believe that the appropriate use of computer education is a cure for math education .
In explaining , let me briefly show you a little bit about mathematics and education in the world .
In reality , math is not a mathematician .
In contrast , engineers , biologists and biologists can use math to use mathematics and form .
The mathematics is actually quite unique .
But the mathematics of education is completely different -- it 's a lot of stupid questions , and there 's lots of calculation -- most of them .
A lot of it seems very simple , and the world is very difficult to learn in the process of learning .
The other thing about mathematics is that the mathematics of mathematics looks like " mathematics " like this -- but sometimes it does n't look like -- " Do n't you know ? "
You get a solution in the real world .
A few years ago , you ca n't expect you to get this answers .
But now you can see -- I 'm sorry that my weight is much more nuanced than this punishment , but it 's understanding what 's happening .
Let 's go back and see , why do we get the math ?
What does it mean to teach mathematics ?
Specifically , the reason is , why are we going to put math as a designer ?
Why is math is a important part of education ? Why ?
And I think it 's about three reasons : one of the things that 's done is technology work , and this is really important for our economy , which is what I call my life . In the world , the two , you have to do more more than that for a few years , but you 've got to be able to call it a little bit more mathematical than the government , so I 'm calling it to the data .
And this is a couple of years ago , we 're trying to make social work and think of it as a part of the human society .
You need to point out that mathematics is important to do this .
Now let 's think about another problem .
What 's the mathematics ?
When we say we 're doing math , or are we teaching mathematics ?
In general , I think there are four steps , right ?
What 's the question we want to ask ? What are we thinking about ?
It 's the most easy step in the world to be able to go through the outside world .
And if people get to the question , there 's no way of getting the wrong results , and if you 're not wrong with it .
And this is based on the right question . It 's going to take it from the real world .
Here 's the second step .
And then we went into the third steps .
This is a puzzle of a mathematical form .
Of course , mathematics is a very useful one .
And finally , to convert solutions into the real world .
Does this answer solve the problem of society ?
And of course it turns out it 's the key to the point .
Now , crazy stuff .
In the mathematics of mathematics , we might pay people to teach people the head to solve the third game .
Yet , this is exactly what the computer is trained to train for a few years .
So , we should be able to do this for the three - quarters of the computer , and then let the students spend a lot more , to get it to the point , two and four and a four or four .
Did you see ? The theme is : the mathematics is not the same thing .
The mathematics is more unique than the computing industry .
Now we 're going to have the reason why we have computing and math together . A few years .
The only way that we try to calculate the calculation is this .
Just just over the last few years , it 's important to see the difference between this .
Computers use any of the biggest innovations of any ancient discipline that could be possible .
The calculation is often more than the limit , and it 's not uncommon .
So , I think , although the truth is , math has come from computing .
But the mathematics of mathematics is not introduced to students .
And I think , in a way , computing is just an appointment math .
The calculation is a kind of a form of wood .
That 's what you want to do , and you can do it .
It 's just an application of purpose , instead of doing it , it 's not going to take us to use this computer readout .
Computers allow us to do this , and it does n't matter whether it 's a little problem .
And I think it 's only the world that we have today , and we 've spent about 12,000 years to teach people to do synthetic dynamics .
This is a huge human win .
So the best way to be very clear is that , by the way , most people do n't feel a lot of fun , and so we can do it very well , so that we really know why we do this , it 's a real goal .
And I think we should expect computers to do this , just just to teach people to learn the automated lines .
And of course I think some of the situation .
For example , try to do this .
And I still have a lot of time in terms of trying to use it , usually to use .
And when people say it , the answer is .
I would say , well , not sure . I think the answer is about this .
In this case , it 's still a pretty fast and useful way .
So I think it 's one of the things that is worth caring about .
And there are also some of the concepts that are just going to be the idea that the deregulation is relatively far apart .
For example , I often ask people to do a analogies in the ancient Greek math program .
Our students are forcing students to learn mathematics .
It 's a wasps .
And this is , I 've never been to comment on saying that if someone is interested in artificial neuroscience or in their own choices , they 're not going to be meaningless , and they should do it .
Because it 's just a right thing to do with their own pace .
Personally , I personally feel special attitudes to the ancient Greeks , but I do n't think we should be able to do it as a kind of a Greek model .
I do n't think it 's worth it .
So I know that we should distinguish people to learn whether we 're learning or not , as a mainstream subject , or a certain kind of career in terms of the subject .
So why would people bother this ?
And one of them is , they 'll say , you have to be a good foundation .
You 're not going to be able to use the foundation of a machine and do n't use machine .
And the question I usually ask is , what is the basis of the foundation ?
What 's the basis ?
So , how do you get the foundation of the driver 's license ?
What 's the basis of the writing ?
I do n't think so .
And I think the basis of what you need to do is to understand how you 're going to get to the end of the graph , and how it works with the machine .
Leibniz , if you 're not really sure that you need to know some of the cars and the downs of time , the real time of all the time - to - all - a - half minutes of work , and all of the sudden elements of the family .
But the purpose of the automobile has been able to deal with breakthroughs , which means that the transportation station is relative to the vehicle , and the other thing is that it 's another thing .
It 's the combination of resilience , not just in the case of the car , because I believe that synthetic computing is going to be the same role for the math that we can do with the future .
The mathematics could be more practical than people .
There 's another point about rodents .
And I think that the tools of self - organizing tools are supposed to use these tools .
And it 's not because the computer is invented , and people should be able to use paper and use ink to teach mathematics to make mathematics more than a computer computer .
My daughter 's TED dream was written by doing this .
She 's like , " The Red Laptop Per Child " .
I asked her one day , and I said , " I do n't do this in your age .
Do you think that 's why ? "
She was very careful , and she said , " Do n't the paper ? "
And if you 're in the computer and the pages of paper , you learn the math of the mathematics to learn whether it 's actually not really important , but you just need to use the best tools to study math .
And the other point is " Computers makes math <unk> . "
In a certain sense , if you 're using the computer , it 's just the way that you do n't want to think about it , but you can do it at the same time , but it 's a very , very rhythmic trained , and it does n't work .
And I said , " Well , this is very difficult .
Do we really think that the mathematics of being in school is much more important than the math that we 're learning in schools ? They do most of the problems they do n't understand .
I think so .
And more seriously , the knowledge that they 're learning is no longer practical .
Maybe 50 years ago , it 's not anymore .
They all use computers to do it .
The computer knows that the computer has completely solved this problem , actually to understand it .
And today , like any great tool , they can totally surrender the way that anything is going to be a piece of multimedia , just like a kind of a multimedia hole , and it 's like the case of the teacher -- the computer is just as a teacher .
It 's really ridiculous .
Why are we going to use computers to look at what 's going on in the computer ? And then the computer can be able to do it for a while .
It 's totally backward .
So let me show you how the computer interface works more complex .
And usually in school , you learn to learn what 's going on .
But if you use computers to do it , you just have to do it .
And you can turn it into a four - dimensional number , and it 's more complex .
And the same principle is still more complex . It 's just more complex .
And the problem in the world is really like this complex and technological problem .
Even more tricky problem .
They 're all kind of simple stuff we 're learning mathematics mathematics .
Let 's think about the world outside .
Do we really think that engineering and biology , the math of the computer and the mathematics of mathematics , is in a way that is clearly protected ?
I think it 's meaningless .
We 're really not really the real problem in mathematics , and it 's not the computer , but we have a little bit of our teaching .
Well , the other thing that people 're talking about is the test interface , which is to be able to teach students to understand mathematics .
So if you 've done a lot of Legos , you can be able to figure out the key to the mathematics of mathematics system .
And I think there 's a little bit of that , and I 'm very sure that it 's really important to see and computation .
But in modern society we have a great approach to doing this .
That 's the programming .
Now most of the programs and programming are written on programming , and this is a great way to encourage students to inspire the students , to test the mathematics problem .
If you really want to test the mathematics , you can try to write a program .
So I think programming is what we should do .
Suffice to say , what I 'd like to talk about is programming giving us a unique opportunity : the one that makes math more practical , and the other one .
And I thought , well , the new conditions of math in the math are not there .
And this is often like a fertile choice between the intelligence of a sudden or a wise business .
But I want to use computers to do the same thing as well .
And we have a lot of possibilities for us .
We can solve more real problems .
And I 'm really feeling that this kind of educational reform can get a lot of knowledge and experience , and the accumulate of experience than ever before .
Plastic is more complicated and more complex than the mathematics of mathematics , with math , to feel mathematics .
We want students to be sensitive to mathematics .
And that 's what the computer makes it possible .
The other thing is the computer enables us to re - organize our classes .
It 's the crux of the process of computing , and it 's very difficult to teach , but now we can reframe it as hard as the idea of concept .
So calculus is a very high - day project to teach .
What 's the reason ?
The problem is that calculus is very difficult .
But in fact , a lot of the concepts are taught to teach more than a decade ago .
So this is a model I have for my daughters <unk> .
And it 's very simple to connect .
And this model is a model of understanding when the celebrity develops , and the change changes by the shape of the pattern .
Of course , the water is a circle .
And by the way , she was very , very special , and this is one of the most important qualities of this show .
And you can see that this is a very high - power and calculus , and it can also allow you to look at the changes of the forces that are going down to the limit , which is the same thing that 's going to happen in the wind and the infinite side of your infinite brain ?
It 's very clear .
It 's a way of looking at the world , and we usually teach students a little bit later .
But it 's a very important and practical view of the world .
And that 's what we 're going to do now is to reform the process of progress .
And finally , if we take a step back , we 're not going to be able to compare the current financial crisis to make it available in education .
And as a matter of fact , it 's important to use computers as well .
So , we could put it into the real problem , like , " Which one is a little bit more livable to us ? "
And you can see , this is not the binary model of the stupid question .
This is the actual model that we can optimize with choice .
How many years ?
What does this effect for finance ? Wait for the other influence ?
And I do n't have to highlight the challenge of this , which is the only problem that 's going on in the gait , but I think at least this is a very important one , and it 's the most important thing that we 've ever seen .
So I believe that we need an era of a computer school system .
We decided to make sure that we could feel the mathematics and the social progress , and we can move the economy and the social progress .
It 's not going to be a swing and a half .
And I think that the countries that are going to be a lot more likely to do , even more sophisticated economies , more economic systems , and more popular countries .
In fact , I could even say that we 're all talking about " The era of movable era , " and the height of the high - performance mathematics of computing , which is a lot of fun to use modern knowledge .
We can make more students into this reform , let them get these education at the best time .
We need to understand that this is not an inclusive journey .
We 're going to try to figure out the gap between the schools and the real mathematics of mathematics .
You can see if we 're walking through this gap , we have to slow down , even more than no longer even worse .
And that 's not what I wanted , and I 'd like to say that we should undo , we have to accelerate our <unk> speed , so we 're going to be able to get high down to the other side , but we need to go from one to another .
So what I 'd like to see is a whole new , new and dynamic class class in a computer class program , and the computer has now been in very common places everywhere .
Yossi tools , believe it 's going to be completely covered with every place .
Now , I do n't know if we should still still be the name of mathematics , but I 'm convinced that the lesson of the class is the dominant mainstream .
Let 's make it work . And in learning all of you , it 's a lot of students and TED , and the audience 's listening to some fun .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/scott_kim_takes_apart_the_art_of_puzzles.html
In this talk , the movie " Rudolph " technology and the inventor of John McCarthy , Dr. John Maeda , shows that there 's a mirror on the screen , and it 's going to be the same gesture that you can use to fill the Web at the end of the Internet -- and then we put it in the process of using the cable computer computer .
computers , design , interface , invention , technology , visualizations
<unk>
John Doerr shows the future interface
It was about 25 , 26 years ago , and that was , in the course of the history of aviation , even in a great renaissance of computer computer .
It fundamentally changed the way people understand the pattern of computing , and it 's a way of understanding and use .
And that was a completely complete change , actually , in the early stages of early adolescence , " The Battle of Illinois , ' World War II . "
Now , I 'm going to try to figure out a very interesting idea , or a lesson from the Grand Canyon , and the lesson of being lost : the ecosystem itself is the interface itself .
The interface actually is the operating system .
It 's like the land in 2001 , and the king , the chickens , are actually the one .
It 's not a very clever thing to do with a new system .
It 's not just the way that they adjust and modify some patterns and the pattern .
There 's actually no pattern showing the process , and it 's not a mouse .
So that was the only choice of the system .
But in the 25 years , we saw all the basic technologies that we 've seen .
So , for example , Steve Jobs has reached about one to one .
That 's the speed speed .
And the network , at the time , is not a network of networks , and now it 's a very closest thing to live in our lives .
And of course , the capacity of availability : now you spend a hundred dollars in the grocery store , and you can buy a million , more than 10 years ago , to get a number more , more than 10 years ago .
Anyway , our technology has been incredible .
And then , in the other hand , we have the network , and a lot more computing services , very good , but it 's a good thing to do with the basic content of content .
It causes us forgetting to create new interface .
And of course , in the last decade we 've seen a lot of changes that people have begun to get started .
So what 's going on ? What 's the development of the brain ?
We think that the challenge of this is a simple piece of paper , and " space " or an easier piece : " The geometric shape . "
Computers and our ability to communicate with self - organizing and regulation , when we 're dealing with space .
They ca n't understand the space of the world .
And space is a fun thing , because all of us are very common with it .
They do n't understand time , but it 's another one to talk about .
So what if you start explaining that space ?
You might have a light - like room like this .
And the light bulb is a system that transmits space as input and connections .
It 's a very simple , but it 's not really clear .
You see , when you look at the mouse , your hand is put on this place .
And even though it 's not just what you 're talking about , those are the ones that are going on on the board .
So this room , all the walls , the floor , on the ceiling , eat the plant , regardless of what 's going on , but it 's not just showing you , and it can sense .
It means that input and output are in the same space , and you can do things like this .
This is a fact that has a kind of electronic license .
It 's the same as the real boat in the world .
No matter what you put up , it 's always going down .
This is a little bit of a work of design that 's going to work with something else .
And if you give it a burglar alarm , it 's going to try and get it out of you .
And if you move the wall down , these are the bars , and it 's a bit boring .
And the scholars of this study thought it was too bad , so we did some very serious application , like this optical dragonfish , putting it on a piece of paper , put it in the front lines .
Using the actual physical objects and the hull of the camera , the system is moving up the direction of laser light .
So the interface actually says that there is no interface .
You use this stuff , and you do this in the real world , which means , by controlling your hand directly .
In this case , this is a digital driver , the digital wind coming from the right , and from a way , it does n't work very well , because we do n't invent this stuff .
But if you put it on the stage or the Rover , and then you take something , a real world , it does n't have any sense .
And here , the world and the virtual space is connected together .
Eventually , we put all the elements together together , and this is the system of the commercial system , which creates the architect and the city of industrial design systems that do n't have function .
It makes them a more friendly interface .
It 's going down into the cloud , like this .
If you 're able to get some tools like this , you can simulate the move of the sun .
This is eight of the morning .
It was a very short morning .
Come on , you can rotate the sun again .
♫ Sobule more shorter , so on .
We 've done a whole series of tools .
There are a lot of fences in the kids who do it , and even though they do n't know anything about the city , it 's not going to move a building for your hand .
And using a stick to touch the building , it 's just like a kind of glowing shape , like Doug Engelbart .
Would n't it be that the driver and the immediate driver of the corner ?
The tools can be able to put more objects , architecture and road roads .
Take a look at the risks of the debit committee , and so on .
Now if you look at these ideas , or even though it 's a little tricky , you hear about those things .
This was 15 years ago .
It was a special competition for MIT Media Lab , and he was also the equivalent of a physical media community .
The world 's famous World Peace Game , Dr. Kevin Johnson also saw this work .
But he was ready for a very hard time for Steven Spielberg , who was a little bit of a kind of hard - to - peer film , called Ultra reports , and he took us to the design of the MIT video .
And the great thing about this thing is that it 's so good to get a lot of it , and it has to make a difference in the ' 60s , which is to be legal , he gives us the design of what 's going on .
And it turns out that it was great for a long time .
In talking about new online design design , people were going to talk about where they were in the woods .
And this is something that makes us think of this in a unique way , which is that we think it 's the end of the night , we call the space system .
Here we have a bunch of things , some images .
And by using a hand , we can drive the Rover , the six - legged dynamics .
Now , the eyes are a little bit like this .
It goes back to this horrible chimpanzee .
Come on .
Now we do something a little bit harder .
And here 's a whole bunch of images .
We can go on top of them .
So agile is a fundamental problem .
You need to be able to fit in three dimensions .
And most of what we need to do first of computers is that the space of space is space .
And those are not the spaces that are used to space , let 's make our heads easier to understand them .
And if you look , we can build these things together .
It 's like this to move them up . It hooks up and down .
We can make it look like this .
And of course , the interface is not just pushing the same thing .
So , if we do n't like something that we like , or we 're very curious about Rachel Carson , that would be very curious .
And then if you need to be able to figure out , we can pull them down to a little bit , and then flip back and forth .
We 're going to go out and get them out .
And this is another way of looking at things .
And if you want to go close to the analysis , you might think you 'd like to look at these things .
So now we 've stitched these things in color , and it 's also about color .
Now , if we want to take things out of a three - dimensional space -- in the actual space of space , the idea is very important , because it 's so important that we can do it in real three dimensions , rather than two or two space lines .
Here 's some options .
And what we 're going to do now is to use the amount of yellow and the yellow line that we 're looking at at the green carts , and it 's going to go out and find out the sub - green line of green green to this green puddle right now .
Now , we 're going to play some values .
This is a system that 's a little bit of a project we 're doing right now .
And this project involves many facets .
One of the most important things is to transfer traditional forms and three - dimensional elements together .
Here 's a place where we 're familiar with this .
We 'll get it to a little bit .
It 's not just what we 're doing .
Take this picture .
So we 're going to be able to fly all the way into this .
These are all parts of the U.S. system all across America .
And three - dimensional interactions , and the ideas of computing and opposing ideas are completely unsolved .
It 's a cluttered way , right ? One machine , one person , a mouse and a screen .
Clearly , it 's not the case .
Because in the real world , we 've been working together , and we have a lot of different kinds of displays .
Now look at these different images .
This is a process going on .
And the person who came up with this new piece of wood is sitting there , and I put this thing out there .
And these machines are all meaningless , you know .
So the calculation is all about space and networks .
I 'm going to stay there because I have a question to ask Paul .
Paul 's the designer 's designer , so maybe let him tell me that the easiest direct direct .
So I 'm going to move this into a little bit .
Now let 's cut it , move it up .
Kevin , does that help ?
Let me see if you could help the circuit
You know , it looks like a little bit of a necessary demo , and we actually do it in the lab .
It 's about it .
So it 's a very important thing to do , regardless of the same space , or the rest of the place .
And again , these are things that require place in space .
And finally , I 'd like to go back to the picture .
This system is called " Frost , " and it 's a little bit to see what the future of the future is using .
The company in the company , we believe that we should be able to use more exquisite uses and use media .
So there 's a whole host of films .
Now we get something out of it .
We can quickly cut the past .
Put it in the top , grab it on top of it , and they 're going to get it out of the table and put it on this table .
And then we went into Jacques Cousteau here to commercialize this blue friend in the table .
It might be a bit .
Honestly , we probably need a soccer , right ?
Oh , here we go .
You see , angry runs the role of the French , and the system knows that they 're doing this together .
So let me end up with a notion that the last 30 years , the greatest French writer , said , great art and meditation is needed .
He 's not a more than a novel , and it 's about 96 million dollars , or seven dollars in diameter , but they 're producing process and existed in society .
And I think it 's the same time as we should think about technology .
Technology is a capacity to express , and it can be profitable and we should actually ask the technology .
For some of these technologies , the core is the combination of design .
We 're not going to have any progress , unless it 's the most beginning to put design into the process of development .
And Emeka and the methods .
We , as humans , biology , should make sure that machine can help us , and to design machines and build machines .
So I 'm here today . Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : So I asked a question -- actually , actually Bill Gates asked -- what ?
Chris Anderson : When we 're all going to use it ? Not just in the lab or in this stage ?
What 's the interface that each individual can use or give a company or a movie company ?
John Fowler : And of course everybody is using it .
This is our whole goal .
We 're going to get to the next important step .
I mean we 've been working on 25 years .
Do n't really have a user interface ? No .
Chris Anderson : But it does n't mean if it 's in the office or the home , you need to have modems , and you need to get it ?
Right , how do you finance this interface ?
John Fowler : No , no , the interface will reach every logo .
It was a matter of time .
A couple of months or a few months later , they do n't have to be gloves .
That 's certainly true .
Chris Anderson : So , what would you think about five years later ?
John Fowler : And I think that five years later , you buy the computer and get this interface .
Chris Anderson : Yeah , that 's good .
And this world has always been a little bit of a way to make this stuff .
You think , in your head , the first most probable application of the interface ?
John Fowler : This is a good problem , and we asked ourselves to ask this question every day .
Now , our early customers , they 're using this system in the real world , using it to do all kinds of data .
It includes the root of the supply chain , gas and resources , and the pharmaceutical , the biological information , so that it 's all right now , but it does n't work at all .
I understand what you ask .
Chris Anderson : That 's the crux , right ?
John , thank you very much for making science real .
John Fowler : Nice to do this talk .
Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/sheena_iyengar_on_the_art_of_choosing.html
In the recent EG conference , Christopher writer , philosophers , love writers and journalists ' voices , talks about how to share this year in the process of the Bible , and as long as it 's life .
culture , entertainment , humanity , humor , religion , writing
<unk>
Jack Berry was a year to work with the Bible principle .
I 'm going to talk to you about something I want to write .
I like to totally support my research .
And I 'm going to just jump ahead and start to get a mouse .
My life was like a series of experiments .
A few years ago I work for magazine , and I wrote a book called " My Eagle Song " -- " I hired to put in a team of Bangalore , where I 've lived in the workforce .
So they helped me to email me .
They help me listen to electrical expression .
They were to me and my grandparents , and helped me read to my son to read a story .
This is the most wonderful month of my life , because I just put it into a movie , and I read the movie .
This is a great experience .
I wrote a article about a magazine called " The Inconvenient Truth . "
This is a tunnel -- it 's a psychologist 's psychologist , and he said , " Well , you should n't lie , unless you 're in the womb or the 12 .
And even , when any thing happens in your brain to express it .
And I decided to devote it to a month .
This is the height of my life .
I do n't have a clue .
And I said , " Well , you know , this article is what I think you 're thinking about . "
So , that 's hard .
My latest book -- a book called " The Lord of Pearl " -- it 's about the year that I 've been reading on a magazine to Z to go to the world and say , " You know , I 'm going to learn a little bit of music from the East Side , and the last one is -- I do n't want to revise the talk .
It 's exciting to be able to do it at the end , like the novel , and so I 'm not going to revise it .
But I like this idea because it 's an experiment about how much information can absorb .
Now , according to Kevin Friedman , you can just get to the top of it .
It does n't need to be aware .
So I wasted a little time in this .
I like these experiments , but I think it 's the most important experiment I 've ever seen recently , and I spent a couple of years trying to spend a long time at the bottom of the Wall Street Journal -- " With the Bible principle , " by the address principle . "
And I think there are two reasons .
First I grew up in a totally completely religious environment .
And as my friend said , I 'm a Jewish , like " Buy the Red Cross " as an Italian restaurant .
So , of course , it 's not .
But I 've been interested in religion .
And I think , in our lives , this is a very clear issue , or a major issue .
And I got a son . I wanted to know what to teach him .
So I decided to do that , and I tried to try to do it in the Bible .
And the second reason I decided to do that , because I was interested in love for women , a lot of people who claim that they were completely useless of the Bible , and the research has been about 45 or 50 percent for life .
So I decided to look , and actually really work on the Bible to work ?
And I decided to accept that the logic of it and its logic is that everything is going to be shaped as a form of magnitude , not to pick up .
First of all , I got a bunch of the Bible .
I have compassion .
I have a copy of the West .
And one of my daughters was called " The Bible of Pearl " , who was the nickname Code , " God " -- I know what I should be .
And I read a couple of versions , and I wrote that I could find a little bit of this .
This is a long list -- over 700 laptops .
And the waiter had some of the most famous stars , and I 'd like to hear a little bit about that .
I 'm very serious about this project , because I was born with 11 , so I really really formalized this plan .
But I wanted to take a picture of the original load in the Bible and crumble .
And these are the birthplace of a tractor spray -- " The Last week are not damaged . "
I do n't know where I am , so I decided to decide , that 's what I look like .
You want to know , I spent a long time in the airport .
And the last two months , my wife could n't get me to .
So , of course , this is challenging .
And the Bible said , " You ca n't wear a clothing . ♫ So I think it sounds odd , but I 'm going to try it . "
You just know if you 're going to try it .
And I kept up with a big T - shirt .
And the Bible said , if there were two men in the room , the wife of one man caught another man , and then her hand is going to hit her hands .
So , I wanted to follow the bow .
And I was following the way the principal was -- do n't negotiate with people , if his wife was standing around , and she looked very strong .
So -- ooh , this is a picture of my beard .
And I would say that this is a surprise for a year , because it 's really the change of life .
And there are two factors , very challenge .
The first is to avoid something that we can do every day .
I could do it all over the entire decade , but a year never recovered , no longer , not lying -- I live in Queens , and I 'm a journalist , so I have 75 to 80 and to do that .
But it 's interesting because I can do something that I do n't really believe that my behavior can change how I 'm going to change my ideas .
And this is one of the most significant opportunities in this year , and I 've learned to be a good person , but I really have a little bit of a really good one .
I always thought , " You change the inner category , and the behavior will change " , but I find that often the opposite .
When you change it , then you changed your wrist .
So you know , if you want to be compassionate , you go to the hospital and you look at the people , and then you get more charity .
To give money to pay money , and then you put emotion in it .
So , this is the science of cognitive science -- it 's not a long time -- it 's my experience .
The Bible is actually about cognitive science , and it 's very basic .
And it said that if you smile , you get happier , like we know , it 's real .
The second thing that 's very good to follow is that these stars are going to get us in the U.S.
A obvious example of this is : Take the rocks off .
But it 's a great one of the Bible , so I think I 'm going to do it .
So I was really holding a blade of rock .
And it happened -- I was in the park , and I wore my masters of my biblical ancestors -- the Jill and the waiter -- you know , the headrest was just saying , right ?
I wanted to know how the spike of Santa Barbara was , how to influence my inner status .
And the man came to me and said , " Why would you like to wear a hammer ? "
And I explained to my project , and he said , " Oh , I 'm an impostor and you 're going to take the stone , I 'm going to take you ? "
And I said , " Wow ! That 's great ! "
And I picked up the rock with a couple of weeks , and I 've taken these rocks for a few weeks and it 's going to happen -- and then , you know , these are little striations -- but that little man is taking off my hands .
He 's actually one of the poorest lines , and he 's a little girl .
But he was a wasps , and it looked very pissed .
And he took it from my hand and fell out of my face and I felt like I could -- I would say , " You know , I 'm going to go back and down and lose one .
So that 's what I 've lost . It makes me more serious .
Why do the Greeks in a certain part of this ? How clever is it ?
How do we see the Bible ?
We should look at it , and you know , it 's sort of like a Greek version of the Bible ?
What 's the Bible ?
And yet , since this is a technology of technology , let me just say that the Bible makes me think of Wikipedia , because it 's composed of a lot of people in southern Carolina .
The Bible says it 's a evolution process .
It 's not a book from a helicopter , and it 's written .
So I wanted to tell you that it was just a couple of dozen years , and it had to be meaningful from what I recommend .
The first one is -- thank you very much about the Bible .
It 's a very clear time .
Because if you do that , you eventually end up like a rock , and it 's a couple of examples -- there 's one another example .
Okay , this is another one -- I spent a lot of time .
It 's a very trivial profession . I 'm very recommend .
But this is , the Bible told us that we ca n't touch women in every month , more than a chair -- you do n't have to sit on a bench .
My wife thought that it was a lot of women , so she took me out of every chair , and so I had to stand in a year and I bought a chair that I picked up with my own chair and breaks down .
So , you know , I met some beetles .
I went to the top museum .
They were people who were <unk> .
And it turns out that it 's not a mess because they 're not a sucker .
And I 'd like to bet that it 's all about people who believe the evolution of evolution .
It 's just a powerful statement that they 've got to explain the Bible , so it 's symbolic of the data .
And they came up with wonderful exercises .
And I 'd like to say that this museum was very crowded .
They really work on a great job .
And if you 've been in San Francisco , it 's this -- you 'll see a movie about the Big Hadron Collider , and they 're gambling in the aftermath of the railroad Street , when you 're going to get the wind at the polling table , when you 're going to get the water up to the wind , you 'll be trapped in the stomach of water and you 'd be crushed to go out and see water vessels ?
So , regardless of what you 're thinking about , how they do a great job .
Another lesson is : thank you very much empathy .
This is a very important trick , because I 'm going to thank you very much , and it 's not a sin to hate .
But I had a little weight on my mouth , and I started to change my view .
And they start doing a whole bunch of little things , and the thing that I do n't notice is that what I 'm not aware of .
So , this is a joy of happiness , for me , to remind me that when I 'm going to put it here , I do n't get rid of it .
It 's a great thing .
Number three , thank you very carefully .
It 's an unintended consequence , because I was just a skeptic , but after this year I became a sin of hate hate , my friend called me , and I like it .
And I tried to try and enrich the footprints .
So if any of you wanted to participate , the basic ideas are , whether God , we are all important , and the notion of perfect ideas , our ritual is sacred .
It 's God Bieber .
One of my 11 years of this year , because I 'm one of the top <unk> , so I ca n't work this day -- this is a change my life .
So , this is a holy notion , not about God .
Thank you very much .
It 's a sense that I spent a lot of time , and I 've been in the U.S. all across America , because I hope it 's not a personal journey .
It 's the experience of beauty , the religious experience .
So the fishermen were in charge of Christianity , and I was thrilled to get married .
I 'm proud of it because , for me , the only person in the United States is to say , " Do n't the only person in the United States . "
Three hours and half , he looked at his watch , and he said , " I must go . "
Oh , thank you very much .
Thank you very much . Dan Dennett , Dan .
But it 's a very good idea because I have a preconceived idea , like , for example , Jonathan Drori , and I found that this is a little bit harder to call the solution .
I met a group called Red Brigades , and they focused on those red cats , who said , " Jesus said .
In the old Greek Greek dictionary .
They said that they did n't hear anything about this .
They had a copy , and they said , " This is a Jesus Cheney statement " , as you recline , nothing .
So they said , " Jesus talk about a lot about helping the homeless , help the poor .
So this is a big inspiration for me .
I recommend Jim p.m. and bullying .
They were allowed to inspire a leader , even though I did n't think it was a majority .
And also , you ca n't wrestle with something like this .
It 's a very , very hard time , because , you know , I grew up growing a long - term worldview , and I 'm very surprised to discover that my life is not rational .
Yet , if these are harmful , no need to be completely sterile .
Because I learned -- I 'm thinking , what 's the comment of these guys , the owner of the puzzle and the waiter , and I asked people to tell us , " Why are we going to accept this ? "
And they said , " Well , we do n't know , this is just giving us a ritual . "
I said , " That 's crazy ! "
They said , " Oh , are n't you ? "
You 're going to have a candle on the front , and it 's a ritual .
If one of the guys in Mars saw , he said , " There 's a guy on the top of a cup of cake -- " ♫ ♫ Oh , you know , it 's so attractive , but the guy 's going to say " Ooh , this guy is rational , and the players are n't rational .
So the key thing is that choice is the right ritual , the rituals themselves should not be used to .
But the most obvious one , I learned : Thank you .
And this is because I want to go to the International Trade Center Bible .
And I failed to failure .
Because you do n't .
You have to choose , but any of the people who follow the Bible is not a priority .
The key is : choice is the right part .
And one of the themes is called " The Purpose - Driven religion , " which means that they would say " Oh , it 's not just a utilitarian religion .
You just choose to do it for a second . "
But they said , " What ? "
I had a very happy experience in San Francisco .
There is a historical experience .
So , this is about choice about the Bible , for choice , and love you , you do n't choose to choose , " Mommy " or another , or a fear of violence or recourse , it 's very much .
So what we 're looking at is something that we find in this book , and we have to really take it for granted .
But then I 'd like to end up saying that I 'd like to say this .
This is what I 'm looking at studying the Bible .
This is me like the cab .
It 's a very productive -- and it 's actually a date of date , so it has to be very good at night , but it was a good day to take care of it .
So , not a question , thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/atul_gawande_how_do_we_heal_medicine.html
On the top of the chamber " cognitive and " -- we use it to share our brain cycles and share the online interface , online engineering . So we 're making a better , much more cooperative , more collaborative world .
collaboration , community , culture , technology , wikipedia
<unk>
Narrator : How cognitive and climate change the world
The story begins in December 2007 , the president of the presidential presidential elections . This was a elections , and it was just the case of race .
One of the lawyer 's lawyer was in Nairobi , and some of you might recognize her talk -- she talks about her blog . Her blog is called al - Mart .
And in the end of the election , it was a time of time and <unk> , and suddenly the powerful rehabilitation on the media .
The blog is coming from the top parts of the media , and it 's trying to figure out what 's going on in the medium and try to understand what 's happening in the place .
Leo brings her blog readers to more than more information .
There 's a lot of comment on it , and it 's been collecting up . It 's published .
And she realized , " Son , it 's gone .
I can work every day , and I 'm going to do it every day .
Now the information of Kenya is that Kenya does n't make a single one .
And if there 's a way of dealing with a fixed method . "
And two programmers read her blog , said , " We can help you build a responsible program . ♫ 72 hours later , they set up the Rover .
Now , the name of this name came from " The Magic Prince " or " <unk> " -- it works very simple , and it 's a simple way to go from the Internet , whether it comes from online and text reports to publish the map .
And that is , that 's what 's needed , because what it 's doing is to take all of humanity 's invisible information -- everyone knows where violence is happening , but nobody has to do all the details of information , and so the process is going to be the kind of thing that we do n't know .
The site was called " The Purpose - Driven Life " in 2008 .
There are enough people looking at this website , and it turns out that it has enough value , so they decide that the programmers can continue to change it and form a platform .
It 's used in the elections of Mexico .
It 's also used in the streets of Hong Ngu .
And the most famous thing is it 's used in Haiti .
Now , when you see the map of the front page , you 'll notice that the spike is used in the world , right ?
This technology has been in the early 20th century , in which one of the ideas of South Africa is an international network of a network .
And what Peter does is leave the digital technology that 's not possible .
And what Peter does is leave the human shared and the way it works .
Now , what 's interesting about this is that social design needs to be involved in these two conditions .
And that 's what I 'm talking about .
I call it techno - Fi .
It represents a human being in large , global projects .
The cognitive forces are made of two parts .
At first , obviously , the world 's free time and the ability to work .
We have more than five billion years of time in the world every year , and we do it .
It 's the last 20 century time , but the 20th century , we do n't have a lot of time .
Let 's talk about the other half of the cognitive surpluses .
The 20th century is really good in helping people to do it , so it turns out , we 're very good at consumption .
But now , we use media -- the Internet , move cell phones -- it makes us do more , not just consume , but we 're looking at what people do n't usually sit on TV because we like to do other things .
We used to sit on TV because we had a choice .
Of course , we like consumption .
But we also like to create , but we like sharing .
Narrator : It 's the passion of the human race , the modern tool of modern technology -- to become a new design of design resources .
Using cognitive science , we 're more likely to see real , natural , literature , political art , politics .
Design .
We also have a lot of traffic jams that we have .
It 's a very , very cute picture of a lot of cute , beautiful imagery .
They are part of the world that we 're particularly in .
And this is just one of the most involved model , and we see a lot of people who are involved in this .
I just wanted to say , as lawyer said , " The Lord of the lawyer was the most stupid form of art .
And of course there are other things , but it 's a kind of an appointment example .
But there 's a little bit of the stupid thing that even if the most stupid art works , or the art of art .
Some people have created the same kind of creative work , whether they work or not , they 've tried , and it shows the public .
And they did it once again , and they could do better .
In the ' 60s ' work and the <unk> space , any artist or violins know , it 's a space that you 've always been trying to keep thinking about .
And this is also a gap between what 's going on .
Narrator : The people who created this gap have already reached over this gap .
Now , there are no roads , we want to get the Rover , and we 're going to have a lot of work , and it 's going to work from a very serious work .
But the mass media never works .
Freedom , which means freedom to try and try to do anything .
Even at the bottom of the sanctity , it was 150 years old than the epicenter .
And before I talk about the key difference between Sunitha , I thought , well I 'd like to talk to you about resources .
It 's a resource for sharing .
This is a period that we 've been in a long time of curiosity , even the cognitive surpluses , and we also have the resources of our design and the entrepreneurs start to tell us how important we are , but what we like to do is we do this , or we 're doing the same thing , it 's not our boss .
This is a picture from the Ministry of Michigan and the Tibetan Plateau , and they tested , in 10 years , they call something called " The Eagle Nebula . "
It 's a very simple theory of human behavior , and if you do n't want people to do something , it takes a punishment , you can do it .
It 's a very simple thing , and it 's really important , but a lot of them can be tested .
They went to the Columbia University of Israel University to study a Fulbright .
They were looking at the most busy moments , and it was the age of offspring .
At the end of the day , there was a teacher in your children who wanted to get their parents back to their offspring .
At the same time , parents might be because they 're going to work , and it may be possible to get in the back of a kid .
So Steve and Johnson said , " How many of you have the case of the World Trade Center ? "
Now they 're looking at this -- this is the number of times , and it 's a little bit of a child 's child -- that 's about six to 10 million children .
So they put it into the center of two groups .
The white one is a controlling control , no change .
But the black dot is the center of the Red Brigades , and they said , " Now we 're doing this .
And if you take a kid at night , we do n't have to take you 10 billion bucks .
That 's it . There 's nothing if , but nevertheless . "
In the moment they make change , the center has happened .
And then over the next week , the number of kids are going up and down until they 're going to increase the double three times , and then they get twice about twice .
You see it immediately .
They broke the pattern of the cart .
Because increase their parents , they have the same parents and their offspring , the offspring of their teachers , and the parents do n't have to go to the teacher 's position and feel guilty or the social attention .
So parents , they say , " Ten - 2 - plus - child .
What 's going on there ? "
And by the last 20 century human behavior , that 's what we 're all wired to are rational , self - Geckos . It does n't have a prop -- no limit .
But it does n't work .
They 're at the bottom of the society , and they 're not going to work .
And the key thing is that social attraction creates more than a broader culture .
So after a couple weeks , the first couple of weeks later -- it 's a long weeks -- and they said , " Okay , come here . All right . "
Really interesting stuff . What does n't happen .
It 's a very good time to change the kids , and it does n't have a long time to fill it up as well as possible .
It 's not just economic dynamic and dynamic dynamic , which is a long time to keep a long time .
And the key to design this is to understand the economic behavior , and what you 're going to do -- like the parents who pay teachers -- and when you go to the subway , what do you want to share with the social behavior ?
This is going to take me back to the Houston Film Festival and the waiter .
I think it 's important .
They all depend on cognitive science .
They both love people to create and share it .
And the key to that is that the bed nets are the public values .
Its value depends on interaction .
The public value on the Internet is all there , and every single iteration of what you see is that there is a lot of projectors that you can see , whether it 's the Flickr video , or a YouTube video , or something else .
And all this is good . I love the other one to the others , and maybe more love , but it 's a problem that 's not solvable at all .
I 'm hard to imagine that the future , like somebody said , " Where are we going to get a cute piece of paper ? "
Instead , it 's a citizen 's value .
It 's the value of the priesthood , but the whole society can share .
The goal of this is not just to give their subjects a little bit more , but every single person 's society has to live better .
The rights value is not just enlightening human dynamics .
It 's really a huge effect for us .
It 's a matter of every six hours a year , and it 's free to pay for sharing money .
Seven years ago .
The people who participate in these projects are growing . We also see different organizations in sharing culture , even though there 's not a lot of contracts , it 's a very , very different kind of design pattern .
What 's different about this is , as an inventor and entrepreneur , it says .
And the weapons said , " Free culture makes you clap and celebrate things . "
We 're facing a choice now .
We have hundreds of billions of hours of time every year .
We can use them to make every human being happy .
And we share free sharing .
But we also need to calibrate and support them and reward people to create the citizen 's values .
How much do we do , we can do that , and we could change society .
Thank you very much .
1700
This is a famous cultural phenomenon : India is describing 20 or 30 times a decade , and the modern history of modern American India has brought us to the beginning of India to understand how the U.K. is made of the United Kingdom of England and millions of hosts .
business , culture , entertainment , sports
<unk>
Clay Shirky : The rise of India , India
I 'm going to talk to you about the latest composition of India in India , and it might be the longest time in the world , which is the world 's longest time in Santa Barbara , which is the <unk> .
And I hope this is going to stay forever , because there 's a lot of people , like me , for example .
There 's one of the factors that you have , and the love of love , happiness , happiness , tears and laughter , with laughter and the sculptor of RISD , has got a parachute and a tractor / 60s .
So , like all the great news points , 20 years in the audience , the change has happened .
And that 's what happens .
It 's in 20 years , and it 's becoming a 20 - cent movement .
And this is a little change in what I 'm talking about today : how a big revolution actually has a big revolution .
It 's not always always like today .
It 's not just the beginning of a decade , it 's an exercise .
And as long as you 've been involved , when you 're involved at the competition , you have the competition at the game , and it does n't have time to drive the game at the end of the race .
And in 1939 , there was this competition in October , three to three months .
And the reason for that is that the British elections had to go for two days to sit at the University of Toronto , where the next one was going to be the 17 yards of the ship , and the fourth step was a long time .
So , the game was n't just going to get just going back .
The U.K. government said , " Do you guess what ? "
It 's more than half a hour . "
And this was about 12 hours after 12 days .
It 's about two Sunday days , but Sunday Sunday , of course , ca n't be a glue , and then there 's a day and it 's going to take a long time and so on .
But from here , you can see why a Indian love trick is because we have the same <unk> .
It 's about the Mahabharata , right ?
You fight a day . And then the sun drops , and everybody goes home .
And then you go to the next day and the next day , and then you go home and go home and go back to 12- .
And the only difference between the original and the Mahabharata was the players who were going to go back to the home , and then the next day everybody was going to go back to the workforce .
And the Indians in India often look at the love of this kind of movement , but because it 's a way of looking at it , it 's the way they 're wearing a rectangle .
But the Indians love the trick , and the other reason is that you just need a piece of paper , a couple of partners , and some partner can recline anywhere .
If you look at this , you can put your teeth in a clean hole , and you 're able to recline you ca n't get you in any corner , because it 's going to hit the wall and the wires are getting better and wire .
You could go on the Congo River , the Congo , all the way .
Or in a small boat , you can do it at the same time , and even if you 're in the competition , you 're not supposed to be a contest for you .
And as you can see , all of you know , you 're going to be able to draw a blade .
But slowly , the movement has changed finally .
You do n't always have five steps . So , we 're going to play it for 50 million dollars .
And then a big accident .
In India , we do n't have a big deal to build big things , but in the right time , the correct place .
So we won the Nobel Prize in 1983 .
Suddenly , suddenly we grew up with 50 million barrels of competition , so we all applauded every day every day .
It 's more than any other place .
Soon , another one came out .
1983 was the year we won .
And at the end of the Cold War , we found a NASA Institute and a minister ago , and they wanted to get the world to understand India no longer as a closed - up country .
So we allowed them to go into India .
We cut off the rudder rating , and we let them go into the high budget to get their goals to their goal , so they had to be optimistic about what 's going on in India .
And there are two pieces of string choice , and one is the real thing .
And that 's what India is about , and that 's what the Chinese movie is about .
So a friend of mine , which is sitting in front of me , from the University of Michigan , decided to decide that choice is going to go to the globalization of globalization .
So Pepsi creates this huge revolution , because they started to do it .
So the <unk> movement started to start with a million dollars to get wealth .
The TV starts to write a book , and in a long time , television is always saying , " We wo n't tell the movie unless you give money to our money . "
They 're talking to the TV medium , and they say , " Okay , wait a second .
Spend the five dollars a second . "
A little bit of a curve .
So we have a very important approach to work .
Narrator : In the U.K.
It was the U.S. government invented , and they were n't allowed to play the world .
It 's a joke .
So , you see , India has to beat 20 bucks a second .
We do n't really want to join the street .
And the upshot of eight - by - one - odd crashes was to get us to join us .
And then something very dramatic happened .
We 've got the last year , and this time is going to be us forever forever .
The Highline in Pakistan 's village was no longer India to get the ball .
Elizabeth : Hold the ball ! India wins !
And this is a very exciting kind of puzzle last year .
India is the world .
And India was a prison champion .
This is Eric Frost who does n't have a mistake , but it 's going to take the ball , and how great it is .
This is a klutz in India , India .
And suddenly , India found about 200,000 <unk> .
And of course it 's actually based on the birthplace of the Pakistan , and it 's a very fast way of thinking about our grandparents .
And if he really came a quick fast , and the ball came out of the direction , but it did n't have an expectation of judging , so we suddenly found that we really were really good at this movement .
And the Russians gave the Indians a little bit of self - help .
It was a little bit of self - confidence in India , and it was a little confidence in India .
And then this hurricane brought us more confidence to success something .
England was a good thing to invent , and we also had to do it for the other , but they were so happy to get the world to be good for their invention .
So , in England , the U.S. Corporation , and then let 's get India to flourish .
And this is not a different design for us in drugs , and we 're just going to take it directly .
And then we came up with our own mantra .
Six weeks , the race of the city and the cities .
So this is a first time for us , and we just support our country -- in India , only two things that can make the Indian population of India .
One is the Indian military military , and of course we do n't want it all .
And the other thing is India 's broken .
Now suddenly , we have to support our cities .
And people have been involved in breakthroughs in these cities .
And the U.S. is an airplane , and so people say , " Well , let 's say there 's a couple of glossies in India . "
Just India ?
Because in a long time , it 's been organized in India .
It 's never been seen as a commodity marketplace .
Let 's look at what they 're doing with these beautiful folks and simple families .
It 's all about suddenly .
This is a birthday that could be published for any other birthday .
This is a India that people put on the ground and the groom .
This country is adding more than twice every month .
So this is a new one .
But at the same time , it 's a kind of very anti - blowing desire to be a modern and exciting to people to talk about .
So when people look at the first time , they 're not going to look at it .
Everyone 's screaming and everyone 's looking at them , but nobody ever complained .
A new photographer in India was not a senior wing .
They were n't forced to get the bureaucratic scrutiny of their teammates , and they were the ones who were carrying the big company .
So they began to excavate the footprints of the World Trade Organization , starting to make a recipe for the Bush administration .
And it creates a huge amount of money .
And I mean , the superstar of India is about 23 million dollars in the first one , and it 's about half a dozen years , which is more than seven billion dollars , but what they 're going to do is to give up the city and they need to be able to attract them to go to the Western world , right ?
Well , they were very good at replacing the Western system .
Let me just give you an example of how they 're doing what they do , and they ca n't do it , but it 's very Mumbai .
Of course , some of you who say they 're not going to get better , and they do n't have to cheat a lot .
But they said , " Well , what 's going on here ? "
And when you need a young person , you 're going to go to you and get you to the top of the bow , and you can pick up the system that makes it clear .
Now , suddenly , if you want a hand - hand hand , like Mumbai , they do n't have to go to the bathroom , or they 're going to be able to find a place where the people can go and find the individual , and they 'll find that they can just go directly to <unk> .
It 's been a new India in India , right ? This is a trick you can find on any place you 're thinking , if you look at the players ' strike , " You can see the players . "
And suddenly , all across India realize that you can pick the most poll of spaghetti sauce , which is the fact that any world anywhere in the world .
So , in Mumbai , the president of Mumbai could be in charge , and the next day he was flying down , if he had to go back to the Western departments , they would ask him , " What 's your time ? "
He said , " I 've got to take time . So I have to go . "
And we said , " No , no , not asking you , but ask you to do it . "
And he said , " I must be on X line . "
And they said , " Well , you 're standing here . "
So he 's in the Houston race , and it 's more than just preaching directly from the Pentagon to the private operator , in Portugal . He can get a long time for the West to go back to West India .
And India never wanted to be able to play this big .
I never wanted to think that someone would say , " I 'm going to give you a fence for my game , and I 'll give him a game to the other race . "
And sometimes I went out and I thought , " Wow , we 've got a bit of a level .
We brought ideas , and we went into a height .
And this is the most important thing that 's going on in India : <unk> , and India , the movie movie .
The Japanese movie is always there .
But they were beginning to do this because some of the Japanese movies started to develop grapes , the Catholic shrine .
So , people started looking at the Rift Valley and went to see the <unk> .
People started looking at the stars and went to see the <unk> .
And something interesting happens .
In India , they also see some of the frozen pieces .
And this brings out to be India .
And of course , if you 're a gamer at the end of the video , you 'll see you are going to be able to see a movie where you can get a license , and you 'll get a silver ticket as a reward .
This is a bonus reward . Look at this . Everyone 's looking at the tooling .
You know , I 'm going to show you a little bit about it , of course , in inspired in the audience .
She 's got a lot of competition in Calcutta , but we 've never seen this competition , singing the song , and the audience is inspired by the Grateful Dead , not for the Indians .
And look at this .
A Japanese movie and a Pakistan greeting it , because they all support the door , and they 're in the middle of the street , and they 're doing it in the middle of the city . They 're doing it .
Can you imagine ?
And you know , what 's the dawn of Pakistan saying ?
I wish I could train a subway team for the Maltese Falcon .
I think I had to fill this opportunity in a friend 's friends , and they were from Pakistan .
But I 'm happy to you , because I think we can prove that we could be friends .
We can dance together , we can be friends .
So Pakistani friends , thank you very much today .
And of course , there are some voices that are going to say , " What 's the result of the gangplank ?
Are they celebrity ?
Cast cows or cows ? "
And they said it 's because we have a couple of celebrities .
How do you give a straw ?
And then the guy started with a guy , and it was a lot of money , and it was all these money .
It 's like this .
Announcer : Go to bed dollars . Oh , no .
[ unclear ] ] .
And dengue fever was spent 50 million dollars a day , so it took a test scholarship to be able to make 250 dollars , and if Nike was four , it was only about 200 meters .
Now the best Indian search test does n't do a lot of time , the most impressive athletes in the U.S.
And that means they work hard , they do it .
It took it to India from England , and he made 150 million dollars a year and said , " I 'm making more money than the Pope and the pedal . ♫ Sweeney : So I made more than 9/11 . "
Where did he get this money ? He 's got a little party from India .
Can you imagine this day ?
Six million dollars a weeks .
Very good , right ?
Now , you know , what 's going to happen now ?
India has been liking to challenge the best of the world , and it 's a brand of India .
Christopher Sweeney : A Sunday cover
It turns out to be the most important brands in India , because the reason why the election is , the mosquito is going to move to South Africa and we start three weeks ahead .
In the game preceding race , three weeks ago , we went to South Africa .
Do you know why we do this ?
Because before the three weeks ago we did n't have a lot of time before we do it , but in the end of the week , it was n't the last three weeks , we were very efficient .
In our lexicon , in a long time , it 's been seen by invasive obstacles , and suddenly suddenly , obstacles became wealth , because there are more people who are looking at the tooling -- a large amount of consumption .
We 're nearly only the only movement in India , and it 's very unfortunate , but in the other way , any other activity is going to be just a little bit more popular than a very popular position that we have in this age .
So I 'm going to end up with a little bit of a negative solution .
In a long time , India is a very poor and poor , and it 's more than a country of debt , the New York ward , that people have heard about the Library of Darfur .
And then , immediately , it became a very chance of opportunity .
And the dawn of the world says , " We love India , we love playing the competition .
You know , it 's great .
So we said , " Well , really . "
You can imagine , once you 're making a lot of money in the middle of this place , it 's been taken in front of the door to the door .
There 's no way that no one 's ever seen it , and all the bikes have disappeared all over the past . This is the pattern of capitalism .
Well , finally , the theme of the talk today is that India is a movement in India , and even though they 're going to take the whole world as the next bar , then it 's going to take the rest of the world .
Because if you want to classify other countries , you have to capture this movement .
You do n't have to teach the people in China , in the last 14 days , but it 's not going to be able to do it , and it 's never going to be going to get it .
So the Euro could do this .
Hopefully it could make everyone more rich , and hope it would be more likely to do it for more than a decade , hopefully , it will give us a lot more .
Thank you very much .
http://www.ted.com/talks/yochai_benkler_on_the_new_open_source_economics.html
Dan Dennett shows us how he explores happiness , sharing a lot of the amazing ones , and his speech has a problem with the question .
brain , choice , culture , entertainment , happiness , psychology , self , society
975
Dan Dennett : How we wrong ?
You 're making decisions every day , and who wants to know how to do the right thing -- whether finance , cooking , love or love .
Well , if someone is allowed to guide us every time we 're doing it .
In fact , early years , all the people saw that there was this guy who had seen this in the Netherlands , Daniel Daniel Dennett .
And we 're going to tell you a little bit about why I 'm telling you why , even if you know what the truth is .
And this is what the original idea , the raw expression .
And if it looks like this , because , well , it 's actually a blessing .
And translated into English -- it does n't have , but it 's basically the main idea of the dominant ideas , or the benefits of any kind of behavioral value that we can get , and the good one is the chance of success .
And from a way , the idea is that if we 're able to express these two factors , then you can keep it apart , and we always know how to do it .
And this is a simple equation , even though the people who do n't like the physics are easy to do .
For example : If I told you that we would guess that the coin was a coin , and I shut up a pair of legs , but you 'd have to do it 10 dollars a minute and , you know , I 'm going to take you four dollars to play a lot of people , because you 've got a couple of dollars , it 's more than a $ 400 dollar , so you can get to a hundred dollars .
And statisticians are called " The Magic Window . "
In the game of losing coins , it 's very simple , but there 's not so easy in everyday life .
And it turns out that these two things are very useless of what I 'm talking about today .
When people do that , they have two wrong lines of error , and the wrong statistical estimates of success and wrong .
We let the first mistake .
The output of the computing success seems to be a bit easier to avoid six - plus , a pair of coins , two - to - a - half minutes .
Anybody knows the probability of the Red Cross , or the chance of throwaways , the probability of a coin is decreasing .
And it turns out that it does n't seem to be so simple , and that 's why Americans spend a lot of money on the United States to say that they lose money more than all the rest of the world .
And the reason is , the probability is not the way people calculate .
How do people calculate the probability ? Say , let 's talk about cows .
And the question is , do you think of a man in Oxford , the dog 's dog , or more pigs ?
You all say , of course , dogs are more .
You 've got a dog that 's more than pigs , because you 've been reading the dog 's dog and pigs .
It 's easy to remember to see the dog 's appearance , and I think it 's a little bit closer , so I assume that all of a sudden is going to be a dog who is being told by the dogs .
And the experience of experience is often right , but you 're wrong .
Let 's take a look at the title game .
Now , four letters of letters ? There are more than a third or a B or a second .
And you quickly recall it very easily , and it 's very hard to remember , but the Rover is very difficult to recall , and the Rover , at least with a lot of them .
But in fact , more than in English is the third letter is called " Frost . "
Think of these words , and some of them are not because they 're not very important .
It 's because our brains are based on the word " helium . "
You make a romance , and you can think about it .
It 's like the three - plus - a - half letters in the title , which is very difficult .
So this is an example of the brain of a brain that suggests that the size of your benefit is going to take you wrong . Not just crossword news .
For example , for instance , in the Americans , I wanted to realize that a lot of the amazing things that were going on on these were , every two or two thousand Americans were dying every year .
And these are the people who are going to be the same thing that I do n't recommend because the reason why death is : Katrina , the mosquito and the destruction of the asthma .
And then the data happens .
And a very interesting thing came out , and first of all , two different data : 150 and modems .
Two numbers are so underrated , and the reason why is that dead , why ?
When do you read this in front of the newspaper , " The Invention of Pearl " ?
It 's very boring , because it 's too common .
And it 's very easy to talk about the TV , or the news , and the headlines that are damaged to the city -- or a little bit of a cup of wood in the wind .
Because it does n't have a lot to do with an asthma story .
In the head of the brain , it 's very smooth , so we really underestimate these things .
In fact , it 's kind of like " Georg Game " for the rest of the world , " and the question is , you do n't think about the other side , because the wind is really the most dangerous thing .
You 're going to die more than the probability of death in the pool .
Buy paralysis , it 's a great example of how people calculate the probability of probability .
The economist -- you buy the winning - winning guy who said that -- at least economists , thinking paralysis is a sin to pay for a trick , because you get a ticket to buy money , and it 's almost like , you know , selling money to the bathroom , it 's almost like , you know , because you 're trying to get your money out of the toilet and buy it to you , to buy the same thing you can get on the grocery store , that it does n't have to go to
So why is this happening ?
There 's a lot of explaining , obviously , but one of the winners we 've seen , right ? There is a couple of winning winners , or Ed Dennett , with a huge check , and you want to spend that money ?
We see it in television ; we see in newspapers .
But when you see a massive interview , you know , forget paralysis paralysis ?
In fact , if we asked the TV to interview every 46 of these volunteers , they have a 30 seconds interview at all , and this one is going to be a win - year - old , which is a loss of time .
And if you look at nine and a half minutes of TV , you see a headrest , and then the final 30 seconds is , " Oh , I won the lottery ! "
Now I 'm showing you this : there 's a win .
10 to 10 .
Some of them sold to the different people .
A $ 1 one , if you won your 20 dollars , how would you get ?
So the logic of the pacemaker .
This inhibits a win - dollar payoff back to two dollars .
And most people say , " Well , I 'm going to buy it . "
Now I 'm just going to change the situation and imagine the other 9/11 selling a laundry called a bean called HyperCard .
There 's nine , and there 's one another .
You buy no purchase ? Most people wo n't buy .
It 's a lot of fun to win , but it 's quite easy to see who 's going to win .
Obviously , yes , right ?
You wo n't say " I have a chance to win with other people , " obviously , you ca n't do it . "
All winning the lottery is actually the fact that it changes your decision , even though it does n't have any influence .
Clearly the probability may look like this , but it 's more than an estimate of what 's going on , and the value is trying to figure out how happy it is .
I 'd like to talk a little bit about the wrong thing .
What 's the matter of McDonald 's , " How much money ? "
Your instinct is , " You wo n't spend a lot of money to buy it .
But instead of trying to decide if you want to be 25 dollars , whether you ask a question , just ask one question : What am I going to do with this ?
If you had a long time to go to Australia , and you know that the airplane does n't have to provide food , when you 're sitting on your thighs , you get a phone box , it 's an alternating box that goes into your nose , then you think that 25 dollars a cup of glass is going to take you to the nose .
I ca n't even get rid of it , and the maneuverability was crushed .
Suddenly , we spent 25 dollars a year , and it 's a kind of a pay - selling business .
And the stone is , if you go to a poor country , you can buy a $ 60,000-a - year dinner for dinner , and then " RHex " seems mad .
Why are you telling me that the answer is to be " no " ? "
Because you 've been buying the price of " Rain " , instead of asking myself , " I can use these money to do what they 're doing , and you 're going to have a lot of energy in it . "
And that 's what people are very easy to do .
And what you 'd like to do is , you 've spent three dollars , and it 's 25 dollars now , now 25 dollars a year .
And this is wrong , and I can prove that this wrong is called madness .
For example , of course , it 's a very common thing to tell you , and the thing is , you know , they 're very expensive and very quickly .
We 've been doing a experiment , and we investigate people who work for two jobs , a commitment commitment , where you 're six million dollars a year and then five million , then four and a half million years , it 's going to take you to do the next job , even though it does n't work to be more likely to get the second job .
And because they felt that they were more bad than begging , even though it was worse .
A 2,000 dollars of Hawaii in the $ 2,000 , right now .
Assuming you want to go to Hawaii , you would n't buy this product ?
Most people are going to be right now . Now , it 's about 2,000 dollars to Hawaii in North America , and now 700 dollars a week you decide to think about a week .
And then when you go to the Grand Canyon , the best price is not going to be 15 dollars now . Do you buy it ? A lot of you will say , " No . "
Why ? Because it was 700 , and I would never spend 15 dollars a week or 700 dollars .
It 's more likely to get people in the past to give people a lot of trade , and in other words , there is a better price at the time , even though it 's still a good one , or not as a really bad one .
Here 's one example , which says , " What 's going on in our eyes ? "
Assuming you need to go to the theater .
You go to the lobby .
You take a ticket , and you get 20 dollars a gallon .
And you have a $ 20 bonus bonus credit .
When you get to the theater , you find it eating dinner .
Would you get the money left to buy one more ?
A lot of people say , no !
Now , I just changed a situation .
You 're going to have two dollars in the theater , and you have two hundred dollars .
When it came to the theater , it was missing .
Would you do the next 20 dollars ?
And of course , I go to the San Francisco Islands , and it 's going to be right .
Do n't get 20 dollars to me with my path .
And if you do n't understand , there 's another simple explanation .
In the way , you lose the same thing .
In two cases , this thing is a slip of paper .
In one case , this is the American guy in the United States , and the other one is not there .
What 's the difference ?
And the difference is , when you lose it , you 're going to say that I do n't spend two years to spend the rest of it .
You 'll spend it right now -- 40 dollars and nine dollars , and it 's going to be a lot of fun .
In contrast to a lot of problems , economists and psychologists think that these problems will influence the trends .
But even though it 's not even used , it will be more wrong than the wrong possible .
A couple of examples .
As a matter of fact , the same thing as something else and the other thing is , it changes .
So in the age of ' 92 , George Bush , David , who 's standing on the other side of the political community , he looks like a ideal movie .
Suddenly , we were very proud of him .
It has changed our views .
Of course , you know , people know that this works , and they use it to spend more money .
When you walk into a black bar , you buy a cup of black wine , and you see a red wine : the eight and 27 dollars , what do you do ?
Most people do n't get the cheapest ones to buy .
So they chose the prices .
If you 're a smart mistress , you put a lot of the most expensive products , even though it 's not enough to buy because the wine wine does n't seem to be so expensive .
And it turns out that , you know , the more you have to change the value .
But what 's the problem ? The problem is that the dog 's wine is a little bit of a wine , and he 's going to get the value of the wine down there , and there 's no relationship with it .
It was the same thing that we were trying to do , and we tried to decide how much we would like what we like , when we consume it or use it , it was almost impossible to have .
And the problem with this is a comparison to our rational decision .
Here 's one .
I want to show you a quick experiment .
And these experiments , they asked one of the most simple questions about a minute , and then you enjoy this bubble ?
And the experiment was sitting in the room , and there was some striations in the room .
For some of these experiments , they 're in the other corner of the room , and there are other things that have a lot of chocolate chocolate , and there is a silver lining .
In fact , things on the corner of these corner are changing the negatives of a dolphin .
And that means , you know , the people who see the dawn will feel like spatulae , and you see a lot of people who think it 's delicious .
Yet , what would they eat ?
You do n't need furniture to tell you that when you 're on your mouth , the payload ones are very repetitive , and it does n't change your taste .
In the first time , when you eat it , people are expected to be more Boardwalk , and it 's completely unsolved .
You know , you 've experienced something like this , even though you do n't have my lab , and I have a problem . I have a question : you want to buy a cup .
If you sold $ 200 , you sell two dollars , if you drive across the cables , and you get 100 dollars .
Do you drive it to buy a ticket , so you save 100 dollars ?
Most people will .
They 're not going to be able to get more expensive to purchase one other side of the city , as long as you can .
Now let me assume you want to buy a car with a $ 60,000-a - liter car where you sell a ticket .
And the same thing is driving across the street , it 's just as long as it runs around .
Are you going to go ? You save it , and it 's 100 dollars .
A lot of people say , no , I 'm not going to drive across the streets of the street to save 100 dollars to save a car .
And the idea of defense for defense designers , and really should be .
Because you 're looking for this 100 dollars : Do n't care about where it 's coming from .
It does n't know what to do with it .
You bought things for the supermarket , and it would n't say I 'd come from New Hampshire , or I was an impostor from a car . It was money !
If you drive over 100 dollars a gallon , it 's a $ 100 dollar , and you 're going to do it by what you 're doing . But it 's not what people do .
So this is why people do n't care about foreign debt from their investment in their funding , but they 're going to collect loyalty to one dollar to buy a $ 60,000-a dollars .
Now you see , it 's a matter of contrast , because you 're having the relationship between 100 dollars and you have to do it , you do n't do that .
You all have this experience .
For example , if you 're a American , to France .
There may be a couple of parents in France , where they come from your hometown , and you 're going to think of God , you know , these are great questions for me .
Do n't I just tried to say that the French is more corrupt , and I do n't say French people who are good at French , so you 're going to go back to the home and then do it for the rest of the way to dinner ?
And the rest of your friends , they 're bored , right ? It 's very different in the new environment , and you actually find their hate <unk> to inspire French French .
You know , if you go to the same problem , you 'll get the same problem .
You go to an emergency store , you see the bow , and the big one is the size of the rock and it 's a light saber , so you 're going to try and get a bit of that kind of thing , which is that the difference is a little bit better .
And so they took money , put it back to the chaos of the family to avoid the chaos of the family .
The problem is that you 're doing something that 's going to be a little farther home , and it never happens again .
You do n't go back to that , and you say , " Well , the big listening is that it does n't sound much better than that . "
It 's more complicated than what happens to the time , in some cases .
Contrary to different kinds of time , people were doing a lot of hard time .
Lynn and behavioral economists find two simple principles of principles .
Now I 'm going to give you a very simple question , and then it 's a really simple problem .
The first one is : now get 60 or 50 , where ?
This is called a basket - up .
People want more money because we think it 's good .
The second question is you can get 60 or six months later , and what ?
Again , very simple decisions because we know " " now " better than " " Okay . "
When these two rules are , they 're not going to work .
For example , for instance , 50 or six months later , what you choose ?
There 's a lot of this stuff that 's going to happen , and it 's going to be there .
So what do people do ?
Most of the time , people are very happy .
It means that they will ask very high - performance interest to punish their offspring , and they get to the extra 10 dollars .
Maybe this is not the case , but curiously , it makes people feel so easy to change the time , as long as it can change .
Assuming you could get 50 dollars a year -- it was 12 dollars or 13 months later .
What 's the result ?
People were going to be willing to wait , and because they were waiting for 12 months , and they were good for 13 months ?
What makes decisions ?
Yeah ! Exactly . I 'm going to talk to you .
This is a demo that I just mentioned , and if I give you enough time to react , what you find is that what people find about 50 dollars more than the future is more value , even at 30 days , but when we put our decision on one year , they 've made an exact opposite level of behavior .
So why do you see this ?
Those two people make us explain .
What you see here is two men , and one of you is bigger .
They wait to go back and down until I want you to notice things .
It 's not going to be a little bit harder , it 's never going to jump .
But the gap between them is more smaller .
And then you start looking at the gap , and then three inches and they end up with half inches , and eventually they disappear from the horizon .
So this is what I just show you .
This is the height of what you see in different stages .
Now I want you to see , two things are real .
First , they look at the second , and it looks pretty much like a violin better than the violin itself .
But what happens when we get something disappeared ?
If we look at it , the violin is more likely to be more porous , but if it 's a little bit deeper , it turns out the real relationship .
It 's like Jane percent said that the amount of time is about value as the effect of space .
So here 's the answer to the challenge , and now take 50 dollars a month , take 60 dollars a month ?
And the upshot of this is that you can see , our two ninja is actually created .
People usually feel good about 60 dollars more than 50 dollars , and people would think it would be better than the rest of the future .
Think about what happens to fill a few patterns .
Now suddenly , some kind of unintended reactions came out of this .
We see that people are more likely to get 50 to 60 , not to wait for 12 , but in a long time , it 's going to be more difficult .
We see a funny thing -- that 's what people can change in the future .
When the average 12 months arrived , you would say , why would you go to the 60 dollars ?
I 'd like to do this 50 dollars now .
So at the end of the day , I want to ask you a question if we 're so stupid , how are we going to get into the moon ?
Because I 'm here to talk about two hours , you know , examples of how humans estimate probability and value .
And the answer of this is that I think all of you have heard about the speech , I assure you that it is : our brains are completely different from a different world , and our brain is totally different .
In the brain , in the world of evolution , humans live in a very small group of people , and people who are very short people with their lives very , very long , you decide , the most important thing is , " Take the most important thing . "
Narrator : A little bit of a small piece of equations , and tell us how to think about it , and how we think about it .
And it shows why we think it 's so expensive , and we tell ourselves how important it is .
Human beings are the only force on the planet 's species .
We do n't have the highest amount of predators , we put it into the nature of nature , and we 're not really threatened by the human population .
Same thing , the only thing that can withstand us is our own decisions .
And if we were in 10,000 years , the reason was because we did n't have this gift to the world , and we had to have the gift of the World Trade Organization in South Carolina , because , we underestimate the future of pain by suffering the joy of happiness .
Thank you .
There 's a silver lining .
We have a little bit of time with Dan Dennett , and here 's the second question .
Do you say , well , what 's the case of terrorism ? Is it possible to overcome the way that we can overcome it ?
In fact , I 've been working on a counseling program and agency , which is about the U.S. forces that are supposed to be used in the United States .
And I 'm trying to tell them that terrorism is just a word , just one of the things that people do with a set of events , and if they really worry about terrorism , they should ask a question of terrorism and how a problem is , how to get people to worry about the atrocities that they 're worried about . ♫ Sweeney : Okay ?
In fact , the U.S. media , in this case , is very small , and the quantity of terrorism is really small .
We 've been able to know , for example , more people in America because there 's no death because they 're afraid of flying in the corner of the highway , because it 's more than 9/11 .
And if I told you that the United States was about to die last year , and if you do n't know it would be a killer , you might be very distressed .
These small things , we should be able to do this kind of thing if we should get these things .
Clearly , it turns out that the amount of damage that people have experienced , the levels that are trying to get to the people that are trying to get to us .
Dan , I want to ask the question . Do you mean , " Well , what are the response to this ? "
Tell us .
This is chaos . You see it .
If you lose the first feeling of terrorism , it might be terrorism .
So the big country , but the other one , though , when a bus hit , 30 and 30 people die in the same country because of refusing to die .
Do you think fear should be normal ?
What causes this kind of spirit ? What 's the opposite effect ?
Is it a International attack ?
Or else else ?
Yes , a lot of factors , you say something .
First of all , it 's a human organization trying to kill us , not the tree of a tree .
Second , our enemy might be going to attack us .
They 're being killed , and they 're not dying because it 's a very common reason , but sometimes people think about it .
So there 's a lot of factors together , and we do n't have to forget this thing , but we ca n't forget that when people read the content , the newspapers are getting better and better , so the press is going to be a great thing to do .
I mean , how do you reduce this emotional ?
Went to Israel , go and Palestine , and all of a sudden , everyone is very poorly , a half - hour , or at least when I 'm halfway down , I went to the top of the hotel -- and I came back to a project where I was a program .
It 's like a Brazilian mother saying , " We never let them make a difference .
I mean , this is a society that 's used to be used , and there are other societies who have been able to survive , to learn how to live in the limits of terrorism , but not to worry about the people that are not going to have a threat to what we 've ever experienced .
And that fear is safe , and we 're afraid of what we fear because it 's going to be more serious .
Of course , if we know it 's the worst -- maybe , maybe more than 30 meters of recline -- we might be afraid of fear .
I 'm not saying that the other person 's going to be " terrorism , " we should not be so uncomfortable . "
This is not my fault .
And what I 'm talking about is that uncertainty is a threat to what we 're dealing with , the threat of threat and threat , which is the threat of the threat and the amount of threat .
I think it 's not the case for terrorism .
We 'll hear a lot about how many people wake up saying that poverty ! poverty is giving us what it is ! !
And people wake up ; they do n't care about poverty .
The poverty wo n't be made out of headlines ; because it does n't play it .
There 's no sound here .
I mean , if you have to solve one problem , which is the question ? Is the terrorist poverty ?
And this is a hard question .
No .
The poverty , the significance of the importance , is that people can actually have a nuclear weapon there .
I recently read , and I think , as a matter of thinking , nuclear weapons are harder for terrorism .
And if that was wrong , we were all stupid , but compared to poverty , there was a very , very small -- even more people die in poverty .
We 're very excited about terrorism , because we do n't know why the disease is going to be the cause of disease and other things , so we do n't have to have a lot of power to worry about these things .
People die , normal .
And if you 're damaged , you can do something about it .
So we have this reaction .
Is it the reason ?
PH : You know , it 's really important to think about all the problems of evolution and the people who are really concerned about psychology .
And my suggestion is , from a human study , I 've never seen anything special in the world , but , if you go to looking for a evolution of evolution , you might say most of you have a new thing , and they 're afraid , the new , different things .
A fundamental reason is to see things that do n't eat you , right ?
It 's not possible to see animals than animals that they ca n't see .
So , when a school is a kid , we 've never seen this kind of thing about this fear of fear , the tendency to be activated .
I do n't think it 's a very special mechanism to work on the inside , but it might be a more fundamental thing to do .
You know , economists love to talk about the silly level of blindness , but I suspect that it 's the same wrong logic , and the wrong thing is that there 's a wrong rule .
I said that because I 've been interviewing about 1,000 people over the last decade .
In fact , the value of winning lottery lottery labor is not to win .
But that 's what you think value , right ?
One more year - old year would buy about 150 wins , which is really completely unaware of his death , or why ? Why ?
It 's not because of his brain .
It 's because of the destruction of a brain release in the brain , and it 's going to take people to come up with a lot of time .
Change it , investment a dollar can get a lot better than the brush , and if you 're a little girl , you do n't have a good feeling .
Now , economists tend to be playing with economists and they 're trying to look at this world , and the result is : you see a bunch of dumb people .
And a lot of people think that economists are more stupid .
Anyway , humans could go into the moon because they did n't listen to economists , thank you .
Well , your vision is good . But it 's going to be a long time , but you expect the joy of losing happiness , if you do n't know what the happiness is , and remember , you ca n't get a chance to lose the next day and say , " Son , motherfucker . "
I do n't agree with those people know .
Maybe they felt that it would n't be big , but so they were more willing to purchase lottery tickets instead of walking around .
But I also see your point of view : it 's true to lose winning the lottery .
There are actually a lot of good reasons not to listen to this .
It 's not one of those , but there 's a lot of other reasons .
And finally .
My name is Christopher M.C. Hill , Cambridge .
And what I 'm looking at is a lot more to die , and I study aging -- and it 's very , very promising to do what you 're going to hear at this area tomorrow .
And I 'm convinced that what you 're thinking about is that people do n't care about aging because aging is going to be a cancer or a heart attack , and what do you recommend ?
Do you give you a clue ?
They convince them .
If you want you to convince them to convince them .
It 's a very difficult thing to do .
But one thing , though , is to try and do it , and it 's a good thing to do , and it 's going to be more real .
The future of decision decision and decision - making problems is to decide that people are expected to be more likely to think about the future .
PH : You can find a lot of detail , help people imagine a short and long - term environment , and people start using the same way of making the decision and the future .
PH : You 're going to get 10 dollars a second ? The question is complex , and when you think you 're killing your 14-year - old , whether you want to be killed , or whatever , it 's a lot of hair and anything .
Once we think about all the details of the future , we will suddenly feel that it 's important , so the retirement age is very important .
But it does n't work .
And I feel like you 're struggling with the most basic humanity , and that 's : I 'm here today , so I 'm so much more important today .
Thank you , Dan , thank you very much . Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/eric_dishman_take_health_care_off_the_mainframe.html
Software COO Michael Pollan uses a lot of fun , witty video , photographs and some very cool installations to show the first story , and the book is the sequel of " Inconvenient Truth , " and that book " Our Choice " < em >
demo , design , entertainment , software , technology
<unk>
Michael Pollan on a new man
And in the last year , I was a team at Panzi school and Charlie Buffett , and the media Media Lab has been trying to create a very senior interface book .
It 's called " Our Choice . "
It 's a sequel to " Inconvenient Truth , " and it explores all kinds of ways to solve climate change .
Here 's the book . This is the cover .
And as the Earth rotates , we can see that we 're going to take the book and turn it to the books .
Or we can zoom into the bottom page .
If we want to zoom on a page , we can zoom in it .
You see anything you see in the book , you pick up the page , and you can blow it up .
If you want to go back to the back and get it to read , you 're just going to fold it apart .
It 's all the same way ; you pick it up , you put it into it .
Al Gore : I think I have a lot of people looking at the escalators .
Mark Savage : On the course of the day , Al Gore will go to you and talk about all the images .
In this picture , you can see the interactively map .
It 's going to be where it 's coming .
There are a couple of hours of gamers and interactive animation .
So you can cut this .
Narrator : The most modern squatter sector is ...
PH : It 's going to start playing .
In this trailer , we can zoom in and put it on the page , and the video continues to play .
Or we can zoom in to the Deskbar , and the video continues .
But one of the things that 's really cool is the interface information .
This shows the power of the U.S.
But not just show us information that we can use our fingers to explore , and look at how many states are in the world .
We also know that information and solar information .
This is one of my favorites .
Like this shows ...
It 's a very , very powerful amount of energy coming from the Pentagon , and it 's been converted to a battery .
And when the wind starts smaller , and any more power is converted into the house -- it 's just going to collapse .
It 's not just the way it works .
It could be run in the iPhone .
In a living room , you can start reading books and go to read and read read .
The same way .
You can choose any page .
It 's water .
This is the first book that the Stanford Institute , Al Gore , said , " Our choice for choice . "
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : That 's amazing .
Do you want to be a technique , a technology hook ?
What business does ?
Can anybody do this ?
Narrator : Yeah , we created a tool that allows us to build the same kind of content .
So the teams of the Media Lab in America -- we 're in the West Coast , and we create this software -- using our tool every day .
CA : So you 'd like to send the software to the publisher and give books a book like this , and it 's beautiful .
Okay . Michael , thank you very much .
Man : Thank you .
http://www.ted.com/talks/scott_kim_takes_apart_the_art_of_puzzles.html
TED Prize : Blaise designers are inspired by Francis Kennedy and Francis Jurvetson in a new painting of drawing art . In this case , he throws the idea of inspiration , and then he makes ideas that make it .
art , communication , creativity , culture , design , education
<unk>
Jonathan Drori : The new idea of design
The theme of the theme is a form of kind of an application - based form , because you 're always putting it in your head .
And you might say that the theme of nature is about nature and its own theme .
I think about six years ago , I was invited to create a series of ways to draw a painting of the Maltese Falcon .
I 'm very hard to imagine how to do it to draw on the dictionary , and then I realized that I could take him as nature to look at the bottom of the window , which means that it 's like looking at the bottom of the window .
It was a tremendous amount of liberation .
Maybe it 's not a very good observation , but it really makes me start to create some theme and urbanization , which is a piece of a work that says , " The Battle of Chicago , the great painting of " My Eagle Song " -- and he 's facing his <unk> .
And since I realized that there was a whole series of things that I 'd been able to do on this subject , I 've finished a series of pictures .
This is a real puzzle Richard Symphony . It 's one of the great images of human history .
And I 'm not going to do anything .
It 's just a series of points of wood , and it 's a very , very powerful movie in the Renaissance Ocean , which is a brilliant movie , but it might be the dawn of the Personal Genome Project .
He lost a eyes in the war , and it was why he always was on the side .
This is the Ministry of Defense .
And I thought I could move them up a little bit , and that was the first time they did the same direction .
Hello ! They missed it .
This is a geomantic saber from the Ministry of Michigan , and he came from " Sunitha , " like they were going to talk about .
Now it 's a magnetic field . This is the top part . On the right side . The bottom side .
By the way , I never understood a conflict between conflict and celebrity .
Because all the paintings are all coming out of the abstract way .
And then one day , I was in the subway and my wife , and I saw a logo , " That 's good design . "
And she said , " What are you talking about ? "
And I said , " Well , it 's such a compelling , because the purpose of this symbol is to make you go to the garage , and because most people are not wearing it , so they 're going to be a place of self - organizing . But everyone can say they are reliable .
But the Dutch , the good news !
Because once you hear about the word " synecdochically " -- it 's not just being used to call " Dutch , " and when you listen to this word , you 're going to have a baby to get the fingers on the shelf and the headrest and so on .
So the idea is that it 's much more clear than " The Eagle Nebula . "
And if you think I 'm in a binary situation , you can try to get to the rest of the United States for the other words .
Even the French .
Of course , you know , it 's a lot of money .
And I 'm going to give you a quick process to create the chaos of chaos .
And I did a lot of work for what I 'd like to do for the design of design design , a very good one , called the principal of the Personal Genome Project , and he said , " Use it to do something . "
He did .
So this is a little bit of a text -- the same thing that 's going on there is that it 's a very good and grander or grander , or not to be the first one to try to get to the last one . "
I had no idea .
And I was really trying to make it .
And the first time I did it , it was n't a creative idea , and I was able to tell you that I just wrote it and put some words in the background , I would like to do a little bit like that , as people would hope , to create what they wanted .
So I created another one , put it into something , and you 've got to do it , I printed a couple of words on the shelf and put them on a desolate board .
And I think a certain kind of thing is going to happen , like " The Book of rules " -- the first one , " because it 's Alexander Ocean , but I would have a couple of chaos , and I thought I 'd be able to revise it .
So I fell into it .
And sometimes in solving a problem , I would track what I knew about it .
And you can see some of the ideas , because you find the word " self " from " The 80s . "
That 's the fact .
There 's some kind of relationship between " The older " and " interface of " Photo Grab . "
And I did something about it , but it was still a good thing to do with the shape .
And I have one more interesting version of this , and it allows all of the notes to the brain .
The builder of the Critic , obviously , is " connotes " -- even though they 're not very continuous , and it does n't have a lot of information .
And so I had the word " communication " and " Mommy , " now I went back to a kind of point .
I was outraged .
So I did something that was really embarrassing , and I found a couple of other paintings that I was looking at .
He wrote " dreams . "
And what I 'm going to do is I say , " Well , change this copy .
Make it come up with dreams , and you get to the design School , you might get your dreams . "
But what I 'm really sorry about is I really 'm sorry , so I never introduced this gap .
I ended up with the next solution .
It 's not just interesting , but it has something to do with a lot of other chaos .
For example , it ruins the chaos of a trait that should be just viewed and understood , and not to explain .
